Two tall giraffes graze on bushes in an open field.	A few giraffes are grazing in a grassy field.	Two giraffes eat from a tree in the wild.	Two giraffes browsing on a bush under a cloudy sky.	Giraffes are grazing in a field of grass.	
A mirror hanging on the side of a white wall.	A cat laying on top of a basket on a table with a mirror above it 	Cat sleeping on a basket below a wall mirror.	The cat is sleeping on the basket that was left on the desk.	A cat laying in a basket and a mirror in a room.	
Elephant crossing paved road near grass and trees.	A car driving down a road with an elephant crossing a street.	A large grey elephant crossing the street in front of a car. 	An elephant crossing the road in front of a vehicle.	a large elephant that is walking across the road	
A man in orange shirt and headband playing tennis.	an image of a tennis player returning a serve	A man dressed in orange enjoying a game of tennis.	A tennis player extends his racket to hit a ball.	A man is hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racket.	
A row of parked motorcycles sitting next to a white double decker bus.	Some motorcycles are parked together outside next to a bus	A young girl stands in front of four motorcycles and a white trolley.	a girl standing next to some motorcycles 	A boy standing next to motor bikes with buses behind him	
A person is working on a motorcycle in a garage.	A man works on a moped in an auto shop.	A red motorcycle parked on top of a ramp	A man repairs a motorcycle inside of Honda Motorcycle Shop.	A man working on a motorcycle on an elevated platform	
A wet street with a stop sign on the corner.	A tree-lined street is still wet from the rain.	A street with houses beside it and a stop sign and light poles. 	A rainy day makes the pavement shiny on a city street.	A red stop sign sitting next to a wooden pole.	
A white and black checkered floor in a kitchen.	A checkered design kitchen floor with a black fridge.	A room with yellow painted walls and black and white checkered floor.	A yellow kitchen with black and white checkered linoleum flooring.	A kitchen with a dining area and black and white checkered floor.	
A group of people taking a photo at night.	A crowd of people standing around with one woman holding up her cell phone.	a large group of pointing their cell phone upward	A group of people at an event watching and taking pictures.	A group of people standing around with one holding something in the air.	
A small cat laying in the arms of a large teddy bear.	A cat sits in the arms of a teddy bear.	a big white teddy bear and a white and brown cat	Kitten is cuddling with a giant teddy bear.	A cat lying in a big teddy bear.	
A woman hosing down a passenger railway car.	A lady with a water hose spraying the windows on a train.	A woman with a water hose washing down a passenger rail car.	A woman that is holding a water hose near a train.	A woman washing a brown and tan train. 	
A woman laying in a hospital bed hooded up to machines.	A young girl lying in a hospital room hooked up to machines	A woman laying in a hospital bed hooked up to an IV and monitors.	A girl in a hospital bed with an IV and monitors. 	A woman is laying in a hospital bed and is hooked up to several machines.	
A man that is sitting down near a bird.	a couple of people that are sitting around	A man sitting on a ledge with a blue suitcase.	a person sitting outside a McDonald's looking at a bird	A man sitting on a sidewalk next to a suitcase and a pigeon.	
A man flying though the air while riding a skateboard.	A young male is using a skateboard to perform tricks.	A young man soars through the air on his skateboard.	a man is in the air on a skateboard outside	A skateboarder jumps off a bowl while doing a trick.	
A crowded city street filled with traffic and pedestrians.	An asian city looks very cluttered with signs everywhere.	a very busy street with people and cars	people walking next to a busy city street	Busy city sidewalk, street, and intersection in Asia	
A small dog standing next to a person in blue jeans.	A dog with a hat on its buttocks next to a person.	a little white dog has a cowboy hat placed on his back end	A small white dog with a hat on his rear end.	A dog with a hat on it's butt sniffing someone's shoe.	
A sandwich with lettuce and toasted bread on a plate.	A beef sandwich with onions and lettuce on a toast bun.	A small sandwich with onions and lettuce on it.	A small sandwich sits on a white plate. 	A sandwich is on top of a plate.	
An elderly giraffe with a mottled forehead looks at the camera.	A giraffe with bumps on its head next to a tree.	The head of a giraffe amongst trees in a natural setting.	A giraffe standing in front of a tree. 	There is a adult griaffee that is in the photo looking at something	
A horse is pulling two people in a carriage on a street.	Several people going on a carriage ride amongst traffic.	A donkey draws a carriage carrying two people	A man and women are riding in a horse drawn carriage.	A woman taking a horse and carriage ride.	
A large white sheep next to a small black one	A lamb and a sheep are out in the field together. 	The two sheep are standing next to each other in the field. 	Pair of sheep standing on open grassy field on clear day.	A ewe and her kid in a field.	
Several small electronic devices are sitting with a backpack at an airport window.	Some items leaning up against a window in an airport terminal with jet outside	The words "Connect_Anywhere" cover a black and white photo of an unattended backpack left beside the window of an airport terminal overlooking the tarmac and a commercial airplane.	A photo in an airport showing a backpack and a cell phone.	A picture of a backpack in an airport.	
A small stuffed teddy bear sitting on a vase.	A teddy bear sitting in a vase with flowers.	A small teddy bear with a tag is attached to some greenery.	A teddy bear sitting beside a green and leafy plant.	A brown teddy bear sitting on a cement wall next to ivy.	
A bus parked on top of a red bus.	A wood boat with a bus on top of it.	An old boat is decorated in whimsical fashion.	Blue bus on a red boat on the shore.	A bus on a small boat on the ground outside.	
A man with a red helmet on a small moped on a dirt road. 	Man riding a motor bike on a dirt road on the countryside.	A man riding on the back of a motorcycle.	A dirt path with a young person on a motor bike rests to the foreground of a verdant area with a bridge and a background of cloud-wreathed mountains. 	A man in a red shirt and a red hat is on a motorcycle on a hill side.	
a group of motorcycles next to each other in front of an advertisement	Seven motorcycles are parked at a motorcycle repair shop.	A large number of motorcycles that are parked.	Motorcycles sit on display in front of motorcycle signs.	Group of motorcycles parked near MOTO Shop sign.	
People sitting at an outdoor restaurant having lunch	Several diners eating at a riverside outdoor restaurant.	Rows of people all dining next to a lake.	People dinning at a restaurant outside next to office buildings.	People eating at an outdoor restaurant next to water.	
A woman sitting at a table next to a table.	A woman is sitting under a cabana while using her phone.	A woman is reading a book with her head cupped in her hand, as she sits in front of a park. 	A woman at a table checking her cell phone.	A girl relaxing at a table looking over a menu.	
A cup of cocoa with a spoon and a side of croissants.	A cup of coffee that is next to a plate of breads.	A cup of coffee and some pastries sit on a table.	A table that has a plate of food and a cup on it.	A coffee drink and a plate of croissants.	
this is a close up picture of a roosters neck	The neck and chest area of a rooster.	Brown animal sticking its face into the inside of a red rose. 	A brown and red hen with feathers on grass	A closeup neck of a rooster with orange feathers.  	
A cat that is standing on a chair and looking at the ground.	A cat sitting on the edge of a chair looking at something on the floor 	a cat sitting in a chair leaned up against the wall	A kitten sits on the edge of a chair and watches something on the floor.	A kitten stands on a chair and looks over the edge. 	
a bus with some decorations all over the side of it 	A colorful public bus on the streets of India	A colorful vehicle with pictures on it on a street.	A large truck with animals painted on it's front end.	A bus parked on the street that is multi colored 	
A picture of a stone bench in a park.	A grouping of a cement bench, trash can, and news paper box in park.	A park bench next to a trash can and newspaper rack in a park.	a cement bench and garbage can next to a field with a cement sculpture	A cement bench sitting next to trash cans.	
A yellow and white train traveling past a train station.	A small train going down the train track.	A single train car stopped at a small station.	A large long train on a steel track.	Single commuter train car at a rail station.	
Two sheep grazing on a lush green grass covered field.	an image of two sheep  in the pasture 	Two sheep sitting behind a fenced in area	A lamb and her child standing in the grass	The two sheep are standing in tall grass.	
A book with a cup and office supplies stacked on top of it.	A battery, mouse, stapler, an astray and a cup balanced over a book.	a group of random things stacked together on top of a book 	A stack of random items that could be found on a desk. 	A stack of items that starts with a book and ends with a battery.  	
A group of people standing next to lots of luggage.	Several people look at suit cases in a market.	A walking city street with things for sale. 	A bunch of people are walking around at a market	People at a market place selling mostly luggage 	
A airplane is on display behind an enclosure with snow on the ground	A airplane sitting on the ground behind a fence.	An airplane on display behind a fence with a dusting of snow on the ground.	A World War plane on display in a park.	a large air plane on a field behind a fence	
A giraffe drinking milk from a bottle behind a cage.	A woman holding up a large bottle so a baby giraffe can drink from it.	A woman feeding a giraffe with a bottle at the zoo	A baby giraffe sucking down a bottle of milk .	A giraffe drinking from a bottle in front of a group of people.	
A row of United States Army military fighter jets.	An old World War II plan has been refurbished and modernized	a fighter jet sits parked next to another plane 	a large airplane that is sitting on a runway	An army airplane parked at the airport beside another airplane	
a stop light with multiple lights around it	Traffic and pedestrian signals mounted below wires and poles.	A bunch of stoplights hanging from a wire.	Traffic lights at minter section with elaborate markings,	A traffic and pedestrian crossing signal hangs among power lines.	
A beautiful young girl riding a skateboard on a sidewalk.	A young girl is riding on a skateboard.	A little girl in sandals on a skateboard.	a little girl trying to ride a skateboard with other standing around	A young girl balancing on a skateboard on a street.	
Two people standing next to each other on top of the snow.	Two people standing in the snow with skies on the ground and standing in the snow.	Two people standing in the snow with ski equipment.	two people with hats standing next to ski gear	Skiers with equipment looking at snow covered rise in distance.	
A bunch of people gathered together in a very big crowd.	Many people are riding motorcycles on the crowded street. 	Motorcycles are good transportation in the local marketplace.	a crowd of people with some of them sitting on scooters 	A large group of people are on motorcycles.	
a tennis player holding a tennis racket on a court	two people playing a match of tennis on a court.	A man with a tennis racket walks from the net of a tennis court. 	A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.	A man in shorts and a long sleeve shirt playing tennis.	
A sandwich on a plate served with garnish.	A delicious sandwich layered with meat and dressed with avocado lies on a cutting board.	A ham sandwich on a white plate with a kale garnish.	A white bread sandwich on plate filled with ham and lettuce	A table with plates of sandwiches and fruit.	
A busy airport with planes parked  on the runway	An airplane on a tarmac has several workers near it in safety vests.	Two passenger jets are on the tarmac by the airport.	There are several airplanes parked on the tarmac.	Some planes sitting on a tarmac of an airport	
A man sitting on a cement block and kites flying in the air. 	A park setting where a business man is sitting down on a marble slab	A man sits on a cement ledge near a kite.	The people are flying kites outside by the steps.	People sitting outside along a concrete wall on a sunny day.	
a chair and a couch in a room with art on the wall	a living room with grey walls and some photos on the wall 	A nicely decorated living room with a lot of pictures on the wall.	A leather chair sitting next to a couch in a den.	A living area with chair, sofa and pictures on wall.	
The clock has pictures of different birds on the numbers. 	The clock times are indicated by different bird species.	A wall clock with different birds as the numbers.	The hands on the clock point to species of birds.	a clock with pictures of  assorted birds on it	
A plate filled with pasta and vegetables on a table.	some noodles broccoli and carrot pieces in sauce	A plate with flat noodles, strips of carrot, and broccoli.	Colorful pasta dish on white plate including shrimp, carrots and broccoli.	an image of a plate of noodles cheese and broccoli	
A large group of people walking on a street.	A bunch of people are walking up the street	A crowd of people walking down a  sidewalk.	A BUNCH OF PEOPLE ARE WALKING ON A BUSY SIDEWALK	A bunch of people walking by  a street and a big building.	
Three people with a baseball equipment standing in an open area.	Three boys in street with baseball gear next to a building.	Three children who are holding baseball equipment. 	A group of kids are standing together holding baseball gloves and a bat.	Three children waving to standing on a baseball field.	
A young boy riding a skateboard through the air.	A person that is doing a skateboard trick in the air.	A boy on a skateboard in the air ding a trick.	A boy with blond hair leaps in the air on a skateboard.	A young kid in the air on a skateboard.	
A man holding a surf board on a beach. 	A man holding a surfboard at the beach.	A man walking on the beach carrying a surfboard.	A man carrying a surf board on a sandy beach next to the ocean.	A man in a wetsuit is on the beach with a surfboard.	
THERE IS VEGGIES AND MEAT IN THE BOWL 	A dish of tasty looking pasta with shrimp and broccoli.	A bowl that has different types of food in it.	A bowl filled with pasta , shrimp and broccoli	Close up of pasta dish with shrimp, broccoli and grated Parmesan cheese.	
White plate with blue rim featuring seafood with vegetables and rice.	A white and blue plate holding fish and broccoli on rice.	A large piece of chicken on a plate with broccoli. 	a close up of a plate of food with broccoli	A large piece of meat that is set on top of some rice and broccoli. 	
A living room with a large picture window features a flat screen television set, red dog bed, chair, coffee table and couch.	A spacey living room with a flat screen television.	A living room with a television, hardwood floors, couch, red cushion and wide panel window	Modern living room with flat panel TV and sound system.	Apartment living room showing tv and few furnishings.	
A rear view of some drinks on a sandy beach. 	Two bottles and an empty glass on a table with boats in the background.	Two bottles of beer next to an empty glass.	Two bottles and a glass are sitting near boats on the water.	Bottles and a glass sit on the ground with boats in the background.	
Parked vehicles and a crane on a road in the woods.	A truck parked on the side of a road near a forest.	A maintenance crew working with a cherry picker on a tree lined road.	a truck moving through a path in the bush	A large truck on the side of the road.	
A long post with a clock atop it with several torches blazing behind it	A street light clock with torches lit around it.	A clock in a busy city at night.	A large clock stands on a post on a city street.	A clock in the city landscape set at 6:40PM. 	
a yellow and blue cart is parked on a street	Colorful motor vehicles parked at curb near tree lined park like area.	There is a corful vehicle that is parked in the dtreet	A long motorcycle tram sitting on the side of a  road.	A row of trailer busses are on the side of the road.	
A fire hydrant in front of an empty sidewalk.	A city street with a sidewalk area and and a yellow fire hydrant on next to the street.	The sidewalk of a busy street has a yellow fire hydrant on it.	A sidewalk with a yellow and blue fire hydrant on it.	An empty sidewalk next to some buildings in a town.	
A dark room with a man at a desk that has a laptop and an projector image on the wall.	A large screen being watched by a group of people	a brightly colored window on a dark street 	A dark room with a projector screen and a person on a laptop.	A person sitting at a desk looking at a laptop while something is being projected on the wall next to him.	
A small bowl of broccoli and some toast.	A white bowl of soup containing broccoli is near some French bread.	Closeup of bowl of soup and pieces of bread.	A bowl of broccoli and toasted bread on the side.	a bowl of broccoli soup and some pieced of toast	
this man is riding a board near a field	A man on a skateboard rides down a narrow road.	A boy wearing a suit riding a skateboard down the road	A man with a fro riding a skateboard down a road.	A curly haired boy rides a skateboard down a road.	
An adorable child brushing it's teeth with a toothbrush.	A little girl with a toothbrush in her mouth.	A little child looking at a camera brushing their teeth	A young child in a sweater brushing her teeth	There is a small baby chewing on a toothrbush	
The herd of zebras are traveling together as they walk, eat, and stand.	a herd of zebras walking through the grassland	A herd of zebra running on a savanna with brown grass and scrubby trees.	A large herd of zebra running through a dried grassy field	an image of a herd of zebra running in the wild	
A dog sitting in the passenger seat of a car.	A dog pokes his head up in the window of a white car.	A dog looking out a window of a car.	A dog sitting in the passenger seat of a car. 	A dog peeking out of a car's window.	
two people laying in bed operating separate laptops 	A couple on their laptops sitting in bed.	a man and woman recline in a bed, each with their own laptop	A young man and woman using computers on their couch.	two people sitting in bed both on their individual laptops	
a person riding skis on a snowy slope	A person is out in the snow with two dogs.	Person on a hill with snow and pines tree and two yellow labs.	A person in the snow with two dogs on leashes.	A woman in on a snowy hill with two dogs.	
An office area with two computer monitor and two hard casesset on a rolling chair.	Two briefcases are stacked up on a desk chair.	Two huge cases sitting on a chair in an office.	Two suitcases that are sitting on a chair.	A couple of black suitcases are stacked up	
this is two people riding on an elephant	The polo player is riding on an elephant.	A polo player holding a mallet on the back of an elephant.	a polo player on the back of an elephant	A man who is holding a club and sitting on a horse.	
A small grey refrigerator on wheels and a sand fan	A standing, oscillating fan next to a silver refrigerator.  	A fan that is placed next to a refrigerator.	A room with a fridge and floor fan.	The fan is plugged into the wall next to a refrigerator.	
A woman riding skis on a snow covered slope.	A woman stands in the snow wearing skis.	A skier in short sleeves stops as she goes down a mountain hill.	A woman with snow skis on is standing at the top of a snow covered hill.	A woman skiing down a ski slope. 	
The man wears a nice watch and a colorful tie and cufflinks to complete his dapper look.	a man in a black suit with a red tie on.	The well dressed guy is holding his red tie with his left hand.	A man wearing red and white checkered cuff links	Watch pokes out from under sleeve as man adjust his tie	
A marble tiled bathroom with double sinks and wooden cabinets	A bathroom has gold wall and brown counters.	A bathroom with a small TV screen next to the bathtub.	A bathroom has a tub and a counter with two sinks.	A bathroom with tiled floor and bathing area, with a large double sink and mirror. 	
A man standing behind a brown horse on top of a field.	a couple of people standing behind a horse.	A man stands behind a large brown horse near a car.	A man tends to his horse using a ribbon.	Three men are standing behind a large horse.	
A neon sign sitting on top of a building with a giant clock.	A market area with vans and various signage.	there is a large red and white clock next to a farmers market sign	A large white clock and some vehicles on a road.	A clock on top of a building with cars parked outside.	
Five matching teddy bears are laying on the bed.	Five Teddy Bears are displayed lying on a couch.	a group of teddy bears in the same outfits sitting together 	A pile of identical teddy bears lays on top of some pillows.	Four teddy bears laying on a bed on top of throw pillows. 	
A beautiful young lady standing in front of a shower.	A woman is standing at a bathroom door.	A woman stands at the door of a bathroom.	A woman opening the doors from a bathroom.	A woman is standing in a doorway to a bathroom.	
A boy and two females standing in a circle playing tennis.	A group of kids playing a game of badminton. 	Three kids play tennis outside in their neighborhood.	A child stands ready to hit a tennis ball while other children look on.	Children and a woman playing a game with rackets in the street.	
A Virgin Airlines plane and an American Airlines plane. 	Two airplanes flying in the sky without much distance between them, one being a Virgin Airlines plane and the other is an American Airlines plane behind it.	Two jet airliners of different colors flying in sky.	Two airplanes are flying, one behind the other.	two planes flying by in the sky in a line 	
People sitting and some standing on the grass with a kite flying and palm trees in the background near buildings.	People are watching other people fly a kite.	some people are on some grass flying a kite	A park with not much shade and a kite flying	A group of people flying kites on top of a sandy beach.	
A man sitting on a couch in front of a TV.	A man playing with a interactive video gaming system.	A couple plays a video game while two other people look on.	Adults gathered in living room playing video games.	There is a group of people playing a video game.	
a person riding skis on a snowy slope	A person in blue jacket cross country skiing by mountains.	A person wearing a blue coat in the snow.	A group of hikers are hiking through the snow.	A person cross country skiing on some smooth snow	
Two woman are playing paddle board on a beach. 	Two woman on a beach holding paddles for a game	Two women on a cliff side beach hold paddles and are in the midst of bouncing a ball between them. 	Two young women playing a game of Frisbee on a beach.	Two women who are holding discs on a beach.	
a giraffe standing on a dirt road near a field..	a girrafe walking down a road next to the grass	A giraffe standing on a path looking over a field.	A giraffe that is standing on a dirt road.	A giraffe walking a dirt trail next to a dry field.	
A cat sprawled out on a couch with a remote on the arm	Black cat stretching on side near end of couch.	A cat playing on living room chair with a TV remote on the arm.	The cat is climbing up onto the couch	A black cat laying on top of a couch next to a TV remote control.	
A bath tub sitting next to a white toilet.	A carpeted bathroom with a tub and shower and a toilet.	THERE IS A TUB AND TOILET IN THE BATHROOM	A simple hotel bathroom with toilet and bath tub.	This bathroom has shiny marble floors on it.	
A woman resting her head up against a cat.	A cat laying on a chair while woman lays her head on the cat. 	Woman lays her head on the cat sitting on the chair	A woman laying her head on a cat on a chair.	A woman sitting on the floor laying her head on a cat.	
A train car sitting underneath a enclosure near a pole..	Box cars are sitting on tracks at a station	a train sitting on the track inside a building	A view of a train traveling on a railroad under a roof. 	The train sits on the track in a covered bay.	
A man riding a surfboard on a wave in the ocean.	A lighthouse stands on an island in the background as a surfer on an orange board rides the surf while holding a black pole.	A surfer is on the waves with a lighthouse in the background.	A man with an oar standing on a surfboard	Man paddle surfing in the ocean near a lighthouse	
A guy and some friends standing around with longboards. 	A young man is standing with his long board.	The man holds a skateboard next to others on a wooden platform.	People standing, some holding skateboards, one holding a plate with a snack.	Several people standing around with skateboards, one of whom is holding a plate.	
A fighter jet sitting on top of an airport tarmac.	A fighter jet parked behind a barrier with people looking at it.	An air craft is parked for display at a showing.	a jet plane sitting out as part of a display	A fighter jet parked for spectators to take photos.	
A gigantic pastry held together by a bag and skewers	A large slab of food fresh from the oven in a kitchen	a table with a tray of food and some scissors a bowl and a pot	Food in a bag sits on a table with sticks in it.	A metal tin pan filled with two large cakes sitting on a table.	
this is a piece of meat and green beans on a plate	a plate of food that is on a table 	there is a whit elate that has vegetables and a piece of meat on it	some greens and fish on a white plate	A plate that has food on it on a table.	
two horses in a field with a mountain in the background	Two horses are standing in a field and grazing.	A little horse is standing behind a big horse.	A couple of horses standing in a field.	A large white horse next to a calf in a meadow.	
A black bird sitting on top of a wooden fence.	A small black bird in front of snowy mountains.	an image of a bird perched up on a fence	A bird standing on a fence post in front of a mountain.	The bird is perched on the gate by the mountains. 	
A laptop computer sitting on a bed by someones feet.	A lap top is on a bed near a flower and some pictures.	A blurry picture of two people watching a laptop.	A view of two people sitting and watching something on a laptop screen.	A person in bed watching a video on a laptop.	
Bunches of bananas sit at the end of a boat.	A boat filled with ripe bananas sitting on a boat on a river.	A long boat on a river half filled with yellow bananas	A boat that is in the water in the day.	Part of a docked boat is full of bananas. 	
A group of horses are grazing in the field.	Three horse running in the grass in a open area.	Three horse running through an open muddy field.	A herd of three horses standing on top of a green field.	some horse running around in a field 	
A black plate filled with food by a keyboard	There is a plate of breakfast food in front of a keyboard	a plate covered with assorted meats and a knife and fork 	Plate of food that includes eggs, bacon and bread.	A plate topped with an open face sandwich.	
Woman tennis player delivering hit of tennis ball during a match.	A tall girl hitting a tennis ball and smiling	Tennis player hitting a ball during a game.	A woman taking a swing at a tennis ball	A woman is forcefully hitting a tennis ball.	
A man on horseback herds cattle on yellow grass.	A man on a horse riding in a field while herding a large group of small cattle.	The heard of cattle with rancher in the background run through the field.	A man herds the cattle on  the land.	A large herd of farm animals are with a cowboy.	
Several skateboarders at a skateboard park skateboarding while others watch.	A group of boys on skateboards riding around.	A group of people skateboarding in park area next to palm trees.	A bunch of kids at a skate park on skate boards.	A skate park with several children playing on skateboards	
A man that is on a surfboard in the water.	A man in a wetsuit surfs a wave.	A man is surfing on a wave in the ocean. 	A man in  shorts and a top is surfing in the ocean.	a person that is standing on a surfboard	
A wooden desk topped with lots of clutter near a chair.	A desk that has various items on it.	a living room with a table chairs, shelves and a clock on the wall	A full view of a wooden table along with books. 	An old desk with many items on top of it. 	
A man and a woman standing next to each other in front of a crowd.	A chinese couple celebrating their wedding with their guests.	A large group of people toasting at a celebration	A man and woman raise their glass for a toast.	A young couple in formal evening attire toasts the crowd.	
A large red vase sitting in front of a building.	A stone building with a stone floor and several different plants in front. 	this is a red vase on top of some stairs	A couple of plants that are by a building.	Several plants sitting on the outside of a building.	
a whole lot of signs written in  an asian language	A street filled with lots of signs and tall buildings.	a downtown of China with several market signs.	A variety of signs taken in Chinatown. 	Hotel and business signs in multiple languages on a busy oriental street	
A little dog sitting on a wooden bench.	A small dog sits on wooden bench next to a pumpkin.	A dog is sitting on a bench by corn and hay.	A dog sitting on a bench with harvest decorations.	A small dog on a bench next to squash, hay and variegated corn	
A black and white photo shows someone standing on a beach behind a curtain	Black and white photograph of a person under a tarp.	A man in the desert sits in the shade next to his birdcage.	A person in white is standing next to a table on sandy ground.	A person stands under tent on the beach. 	
four people sitting at a table eating and laughing	The people are at a table eating breakfast. 	a couple of people are sitting around a table	A group of people are smiling at a table.	Four smiling people are sitting around a dining table.	
Hot cereal and fruit are on the table.	An apple next to a sandwich bag filled with strawberries	A carton of yogurt sits beside an apple and a bag of strawberries. 	an image on the table with apples and oatmeal	a close up of a bowl of food next to an apple 	
an image of a man in a boat with a dog	A person on a rowboat with a dalmatian dog on the boat.	a person sitting in a boat with a dalmation 	an older person on a small boat with a dog in a body of water	Old woman rowing a boat with a dog	
A train traveling down train tracks near a forest.	A long red and silver train on the train tracks.	A black and silver truck passing under a bridge.	A train leaving the hub going under some electrical conduit.	a train riding a train track near trees	
A computer desk holding 3 monitors and a laptop.	A desk topped with computer monitors and laptops.	A room with several televisions inside showing sports	A table with laptops and multiple computer monitors.	A desk containing several computers and computer monitors.	
A basket filled with ripe bananas on top of a table.	A small basket with three bananas in it on a table.	A basket of over ripened bananas is in on the table.	A brown basket with three old bananas. 	Some ripe bananas are in a brown wicker basket.	
There is a small yellow bird standing on a fence	The small bird is perched on the wooden railing. 	A small yellow bird standing on wooden rails.	A yellow bird sitting on a white piece of wood.	A yellow finch perched on a white fence.	
A woman walking on the sidewalk talking on a phone.	A woman talking on the phone near a bus stop.	A man holding a cell phone while walking on a sidewalk.	A woman talks on her cell phone as she walks down a city street.	A lady is approaching a bus stop enclosure while talking on her phone.	
A bunch of people in turbans at a parade.	a group of bikers that are on a road	Many men wearing vests and riding motorcycles in a parade.	A group of motorcycle riders in vests and orange turbans on a neighborhood street.	A group of men on the street wearing orange turbans.	
A computer workstation with a laptop and a desktop computer.	A laptop next to a monitor, keyboard and mouse on a desk.	this si a desk with two computers on it	A desk top computer and a laptop sitting on a computer desk 	there is a lap top and a desk top on this table	
a very nice draw showing a vase with flowers	A statue with flowers on it has just been put up.	A large balloon shaped to look like a giant vase with a flower.	A large Chinese lantern display restricted by barriers.	The Chinese decorations are large and beautiful. 	
Fruit and vegetables are hanging in a metal basket.	Three hanging baskets all with fruit and vegetables.	A hanging sorter with fruits and vegetables throughout three different tiers.	A hanging metal display of various fruits and vegetables.	A three level hanging fruit basket filled with fruit.	
The bird sits on a thin branch near berries.	A bird sitting on a branch next to some berries.	The bird is perched on a branch of the tree.	A bird perched on top of a leaf filled tree.	A bird standing on a branch beside berries.	
Two surfers in the water and one riding a wave.	A surfer is surfing while someone swims nearby.	A surfer rides a wave with another person in the foreground.	A surfer catches a wave while another is heading back out.	A man that is standing on a surfboard in the water.	
A plate of food sits on a plane table.	an image of a plate of food on a table	The dining table containing food and drink are next to the windows.	A meal on a table in a restaurant next to a pair of sunglasses.	a table with a plate of food and some eye glasses	
some bananas with some stickers and red ends	Red bananas with red painted tips next to each other. 	A closeup picture for several bunches of bananas for sale. 	Bunches of bananas with a label across them. 	Several bunches of bright yellow bananas with red tips.	
A train on some tracks above a city area.	Multiple sets of train tracks with a subway train traveling on one of the tracks.	A train on elevated tracks above a city street.	A commuter train traveling through a busy city.	A train going by in a large city.	
A man and woman standing over a table with wine.	A man and woman eating and drinking outside.	A man and woman standing around a table.	Two people are standing around a table of wine bottles.	this is a man and woman eating some barbecue	
Black and white motorcycle parked on a sidewalk.	Three images of a motorcycle with a custom windshield.	A motorcycle is seen from different angles parked next to a wall.	Photos of a stylish looking motorcycle parked outside	Three images show different views of a motorcycle.	
A cat is sitting on the hood of a car in a residential area.	A cat that is on top of a car.	A white cat is standing on the top of a car. 	A cat sitting on top of a car roof 	A cat is perched on top of a parked car.	
Snowboarder in a red jacket moving near a row of trees. 	A person on a snowboard in the snow.	A person riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.	Four frames show a person riding on a snowboard.	A few different shots of a man on his ski board. 	
A street sign showing four different roads on it	A pole with multiple street signs in front of a tall building.	a close up of street signs with buildings in the background	a polewith many street signs standing in front of a very tall building	Street corner sign in a big city with multiple names	
A man riding skis on top of a snow covered slope.	An adult and child standing in the snow wearing jackets.	A man and little girl are on skis in the snow.	A man and a child skiing on a snowy plain.	a person riding skis on a snowy surface 	
A living room consisting of windows, rugs, chairs, and a coffee table.	A living room with couches, chairs and box coffee table. 	A living room with multiple couches and chairs.	The house has an open concept, and comfortable furniture.	A room with two chairs and a couch in it.	
an elephant has face paint on walking around	an elephant with pain on its face walking on a city street	A decorated elephant taxi transports people in a village	The elephant is painted to have flowers on. 	an elephant has face paint and a carriage on its back	
A closeup of an apple in the foreground with three oranges in the background.	A close up of some pieces of fruit, an apple and oranges.	An apple in front of three oranges. 	A closeup of an apple and some oranges.	A bunch of apples and oranges sitting together.	
A woman rides a horse in the middle of a street.	A horse riding down the street on a road.	A woman riding a horse on the road in a small town. 	A woman that is sitting on the back of a horse.	A woman riding on the back of a horse down a street.	
A woman stands next to a fridge that has several glasses on top.	A woman standing behind a mini fridge, which has two glasses and a bottle on it.	The woman is painting behind her refrigerator in the kitchen. 	Appliances in the middle of a kitchen while it is being painted	A kitchen scene with a person moving a refrigerator.	
A person standing on a rocky hillside next to the ocean.	A person walking down the rocks to the shore	A man walks down the rocks near an ocean.	A man walking alone down a steep embankment toward the surf.	A man is running down to the ocean from a muddy hill.	
A bunch of horses with jockeys in a race on a track.	Their are horses racing and one horse is far ahead	Several horses racing by with jockeys pushing them to go faster	a fake person watching a fake horse race	a number of horses racing on a track	
An empty desk chair next to a laptop computer sitting on a white desk.	A small desk with a laptop on it, next to a brown chair.	An usused laptop sits upon a clean desk.	A simple computer disk and chair with a laptop and mouse on it.	A desk holds a laptop, mouse, modem, and a lamp and there is a brown chair in front of it.	
Woman cross country skiing alone on a trail in the woods.	The cross country skier on the snow covered road all alone.	Woman on cross country skis traveling on path in forest.	A woman that is on skis in the snow.	a person is skiing down a snowy slope	
A TV on top of a wooden dresser next to a desk.	A hotel room with a desk and TV on a furniture	A hotel room contains a desk and dresser with television.	A lamp is on in a hotel room office area. 	A hotel room desk next to a dresser and a tv set. 	
This very long room holds many interesting things.	A computer desk is against the wall of small living room.	View of a home, living room, and dining room with cabinets, books, and assorted furniture.	There is a big room with furniture and items inside. 	A room filled with furniture and a computer on a desk.	
A woman sitting at a table in front of a pile of luggage	A huge pile of luggage sits by the door.	A pile of luggage in a room with two women nearby.	an image of a large number of suitcases in a pile	many backpacks and luggage bags piled up on top of each other	
A black suitcase with a handle and white background.	A rolling suitcase with smaller case attached to the handle of it.	a close up of a smaller luggage bag 	A small carry-on bag, strapped to the handle of a larger suitcase from the same set of luggage.	A black bag attached to the long handle of a piece of luggage.	
a green and blue parking meter siting on the sidewalk	A green parking meter sits on the side of the road	A green parking meter on a city street.	A parking meter sitting idly on a sidewalk.	Multi colored parking meter with a parking sign on it.	
An enclose in a building with a giraffe in the background.	Giraffe stands near a door inside an enclosed fenced area	A giraffe is caged inside a building at a zoo.	A giraffe in an indoor cage,standing against the back wall.	A giraffe  is indoors behind a tall gate	
a woman is on a poster hanging outside	A sign in a median is displaying an ad of a woman.	A city sidewalk billboard featuring a young woman.	A billboard on the median of an intersection.	City art installation showing a picture of a girl.	
A red and black boat floating on top of water.	A red boat floating in front of a city scape.	a big boat on a river with a cityscape in the background 	A boat that is sitting in the water.	There is a large ship in the middle of the ocean. 	
a white bus is on a busy street	A view of a street of a bus, bikes and people walking. 	A metal tube sculpture looking out on a city street.	A view of a bus and pedestrians on a busy city street from the top of a staircase.	A white bus parked in front of  building on the side of a road.	
A person on a court with a tennis racket.	Black and white photo of tennis player returning a shot	A girl prepares to a hit a ball with her tennis racket on a tennis court. 	A black and white photo of a tennis player returning a shot.	A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.	
A man is hitting a tennis ball with his tennis racket.	A man hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.	Professional tennis player serving the ball with extreme reach.	Player returning ball during volley at tennis match.	A man hitting a tennis ball on the tennis court 	
A woman eating a chili dog during the day.	a woman is holding a hotdog up to her face	A woman with glasses eating a hot dog.	A woman eats a hot dog with relish on it.	A girl preparing to eat a hot dog.	
A young man tossing a baseball bat on a field.	A baseball player throwing the bat after hitting the ball 	A baseball player reacts to hitting a ball during a game.	A man throwing a baseball bat as he leaves home plate.	a man throwing a bat after hitting a ball 	
A  man getting his collar fixed by another man.	Three young men getting dressed in formal wear with flowers on their lapels.	Two men help another man prepare for an event in matching suits.	A man in a suit helping another with his collar.	Man trying on suit getting ready for a wedding	
A woman sucking on a very large sausage with her breast hanging out.	cute babe sucks on a sausage at the bar	A girl putting a hot dog up into her mouth.	A woman taking a bite of a long hot dog on a stick.	A woman in lingerie suggestively eats a sausage.	
A little girl is sitting on her bed that has a flower bed spread.	The little girl has a brightly colored room decorated with flowers. 	A young girl on her bed in her room	a little girl that is sitting on a bed	A young girl sitting in her bed smiling	
The man in a sweater vest is smiling for a pose.	A smiling young handsome guy who is well dressed.	A man wearing a vest and neck tie with a smile on his face.	A man with a white shirt, black tie and short sleeve sweater	A young man posing for a headshot with a Holy Cross sweater on.	
A gang of bikers driving down a city street.	A group of motorcycles travel down a city street.	A group of people riding motorcycles on a street.	A group of people riding motorcycles on a street.	A group of people riding motorcycles down the street.	
a little boy holding onto a big bat	A man standing next to a child who is holding a bat.	A man stands behind the smiling child with a baseball bat. 	A boy plays baseball while two men watch	A little boy is in a batting cage with his dad, who is serving as catcher. 	
A guy is typing on a laptop computer.	a man holding a wii controller typing on a laptop	A man that is bent over touching a laptop.	A man holding a video game controller while typing on a laptop.	there is a man on the computer typing 	
A person on a laptop sitting in a room.	a couple of people sitting down watching a lap top	A man is listening intently in a lecture hall. 	A man sitting and looking at something with his hand to his mouth.	A man in a yellow shirt wearing glasses.	
A man is water skiing behind a motorboat.	A guy wearing green shorts and water skiing. 	a water skier in green trunks is water skiing	a man waterskiing behind a white boat on a lake	A man skies across the water behind a boat. 	
Dog sticking its head out of a car window	A dog is looking out the window of a car.	there is a dog with his head out of the window	A dog with it's mouth open and head next to the window of a car, looking out of the vehicle.	A dog looking out the window of a vehicle 	
A large group of people sitting on the ground.	A large group of people sitting on the grass watching people on horses.	People gathered in a park watching a medieval competition.	A crowd of people sitting in a field watching jousting.	A crowd of people watching a Renaissance period jousting game.	
Some people are skiing in the snowy woods	Some skiers on a trail in the woods.	207 is in the lead in this cross country skiing race.	Two people cross country skiing in a race.	Two cross country skiing competitors ski on a tree-lined course. 	
a group of people in ski wear on a snow covered surface.	Those are big goofy looking glasses but they are for safety.	Children attending a lesson at a ski school	a group of children riding skis on a snowy surface	A group of people riding skis down a snow covered slope.	
An upright clock near wooden tables and chairs.	An old grandfather clock sitting in the corner of a room.	A small grandfather clock, a sideboard and a dining room table.	Grand father clock in the corner of a room near side table and dinning table and chairs.	A dining room has a grandfather clock in the corner.	
Thee family is standing around the island in the kitchen.	A group of people that are in a kitchen.	Three people people in a kitchen preparing food and washing hands.	A couple of women and one man preparing food in a kitchen.	two women and a man talking in a kitchen	
Two kites sail high in a clear blue sky.	Two kites in the sky, one is a kitty and the other is a shark.	A shark design and a car design kite being flown in the blue sky.	two kites flying one is a shark the other a tiger	Two kites flying in a blue sky side by side.	
A van is parked next to a fire hydrant.	White work truck with graffiti parked beside newspaper bins and fire hydrant. 	A truck that has some graffiti on it.	a truck with graffiti written on it on a city sreet 	A truck that has spray paint on it.	
Two metal bowls filled with apples and oranges.	A closeup of a bunch of oranges and apples	Many whole oranges are stacked together close to apples.	Two bowls containing produce: many oranges and a few apples	Two bowls of oranges and apples next to a shelf.	
an old fashioned table holding onto some suitcases 	Two pieces of vintage luggage sit atop a dresser. 	A an antique dresser with two suit cases sitting on top.	there is a old wardrobe or closet in this house	Two suitcases sitting on top of a dark wooden pedestal.	
An Asian man ad woman on their cell phones.	A man and woman who are standing together.	a person leaning against a wall using a cell phone 	A young lady holding a cell phone next to a man.	Two asian teenagers standing outside of a building.	
Two people sitting on a small sail boat on the ocean.	A couple in a sail boat in the middle of the water.	Two people boating on an empty body of water,	Two people sitting beside each other in a row boat with small mast and sail, and two oars sticking out, in fairly calm water.	Two people rowing in a boat on the water.	
A BASEBALL GAME IN AN INNER CITY BALL PARK	Parents at a chain link fence watch a Little League baseball game.	Spectators outside the fence watching a baseball game in progress.	a baseball field with a lot of people on it	A man in blue is about to swing a base ball bat.	
A wooden ball on top of a wooden stick.	The table is full of wooden spoons and utensils.	A wood table holding an assortment of wood cooking utensils.	A selection of wooden kitchen tools on a counter.	Wooden spoons are lined up on a table	
A computer sits on a small wooden desk.	A home computer and chair at a desk.	The computer desk has many CDs on it.	a desk and chair with a PC keyboard and  computer screen	A desk cluttered with compute equipment and office supplies and a a chair.	
A shirtless man grilling a lot of chicken breasts.	A shirtless man preparing chicken breasts on a grill.	A man wearing no shirt is turning meat on a grill	A man without a shirt is grilling some chicken.	A man without a shirt preparing chicken on top of a BBQ.	
several horses pulling two carriages across sand next to a body of water	a couple of horses are pulling a carriage 	Two horse drawn carriages and a person on horseback walking on the beach.	A group of horses pull people and carts beside the water.	These are horses pulling a carriage by the water	
A electronic sign at an airport listing the flights.	A station with departing times on the board.	A flight board in an airplane from 10-29-2011.	A timetable for flight arrivals and departures. 	A foreign airline status board with a clock.	
The man is catching a wave at the ocean.	A surfer is riding a wave in the blue ocean.	A surfer riding a wave in the ocean.	A surfer riding a medium sized wave on the ocean.	a person riding a surf board on a wave	
A man with remote standing in a room.	A man standing in a living room in front of a television playing wii.	A man playing and interactive video game. 	A man holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.	A man sitting on a couch while a boy plays a video game.	
A train traveling down a track, with a man hanging off it.	this is a train carrying people on a rail	uniformed tour guide is looking out as the train advances futher along the tracks	A man sitting on top of a train traveling through a forest hillside.	A photo taken looking off the side of a small train.	
a pizza on a wooden pan with a person sitting across from it	A pizza that is on top of a table.	a photo of a man over a table of food smiling at the camera	The young man is looking across the table at the camera.	A man is sitting at a table with pizza and beer.	
A horse wearing a protective cover stands in a grassy field. 	A very big pretty horse wearing a blanket.	Horse stands in field with jacket on it looking to camera	A beautiful horse trots through a field wearing a blanket	a close up of a horse in a field near a fence	
A dog with a hat strapped to its head.	a dog stand next to a person with a hat on 	A brown dog earing a yellow hat while sitting on a persons lap.	A dog wearing a bonet on her head	A very cute dog wearing some type of silly hat	
A bunch of people at a table eating.	People sitting at a table with soup and drink.	People sitting at a table and eating soup.	Men and women sitting at a table with bowls of soup and drinks.	a number of people at a table with plates of food 	
A group of chefs preparing food inside of a kitchen.	A side of a delivery truck with a picture of people in chefs outfits.	A billboard showing cooks in a restaurant kitchen.	A picture of the side of a semi showing chefs. 	There are a lot of cheifs that are out cooking on a photo	
A city street filled with lots of traffic.	THIS IS A VERY BUSY CITY STREET WITH WHAT LOOKS LIKE VERY LONG TRUMPETS LINING THE OVERHEAD OF THE STREET	A busy street side in a large city.	a lot of people walking down the sidewalk next to a busy road 	Decorations line a city street while traffic passes nearby.	
A flower hanging from a bunch or green bananas.	a flower with some plants on its stem 	A plant with a purple flower and several unripe bananas.	a purple flower hanging upside down from a green stem with green plantains attached	a banana plant and a bunch of green bananas 	
A kitchen under construction with a trashcan and stove.	a kitchen with a fridge, a trash can and an oven	A KITCHEN UNDER REMODEL WITH WIRES HANGING AND A LARGE TRASH BARREL	A kitchen in the process of being remodeled with wiring hanging from the ceiling	There is a kitchen being built and appliances being put in	
A woman with an umbrella is standing by leaves.	A woman standing under an umbrella next to an area with leaves that are all over the ground.	a woman with an umbrella and some red and yellow leaves	A woman standing in the rain by a sign	Girl talking on cellphone holding an umbrella next to sign.	
A vase filled with lots of pink flowers.	Several large pink flowers in a glass of water.	A pink flower in a clear vase with water.	a vase with a pink flower inside of it. 	Glass vase with large flower displayed on wooden table.	
A group of zebra standing on top of a dry grass field.	Some very cute zebras in a field of tall grass.	A group of zebras that are standing in the grass.	four zebras standing in the tall dry grass	Zebras standing in tall dry grass look at the tourists	
A silver fire hydrant sitting next to a  road on a sidewalk.	There is no image to provide a caption for.	A fire hydrant is shown on the sidewalk.	A fire hydrant that has been painted silver.	A white firefighter hydrant in the middle of a big city. 	
Skiers on a slope with the ski lift in the background.	People on a snow covered hill doing various activities.	A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.	Snow clad mountains where people are skating on skating boards. 	A peson in black jacket snowboarding on a slope.	
A person sits at a desk in front of a computer and keyboard.	A man seated with a mouse, a keyboard and cell phone in front	A person sits in front of a desk with a keyboard tray and mouse.	A man sitting at a computer desk using the mouse.	A person sits at a computer workstation with a keyboard tray.	
a close up of a woman wearing jewelry and a boat in the background	A woman dressed up with a boat in the background.	The Indian woman is standing near the water.	A woman is adorned in head and body jewelry as a boat leaves the shore.	A woman stands by the water with a boat behind her.	
A man wearing a polo and a tie posing.	a man with a tshirt and tie staring into the camera	A young man in a shirt and tie against a wall.	A young man has a striped t shirt and a tie on.	a man that has  a shirt and tie on	
Looking out a large glass window to activity on the tarmac at an airport	We are looking out the window at a large air craft.	Large commercial airliner on ramp near gate at airport.	A large jetliner sitting on top of an airport tarmac.	A United airplane pulls up to a gate.	
A closed umbrella sitting on a balcony ledge above traffic.	An umbrella caught on an upper floor railing.	a close up of an umbrella on a hand rail 	A umbrella laying on the edge of a railing.	The umbrella is stuck in the fence area	
A guy up to bat in a action in a baseball game.	A pitcher and batter in a baseball game.	A pitcher throwing a baseball at a player at bat.	A young man holding a baseball while wearing a uniform.	A pitcher throws a pitch to an awaiting batter. 	
a man bunting the baseball with his bat	The baseball player is hitting the ball with the bat.	A man is about to hit a ball during a baseball game.	A baseball player with bat hitting the ball	A man with a baseball bat that is standing near a plate.	
A big black dog sitting next to a laptop computer.	Brown dog with his muzzle down by a computer keyboard.	a dog laying near a laptop on a bed	Tired looking black dog snuggled next to a laptop computer	A dog laying in bed next to a laptop.	
The open drapes show the view from the room.	Resort hotel room with king bed, balcony and sitting area.	The hotel room is decorated with soft gold and deep rose tones.	A bedroom that has a bed, a couch, and a chair in it.	A hotel room with twin beds as a kind and rose chairs	
An overhead shot of an attractive living room with large windows.	An un occupied living room with a flat screen TV and fire place.	A living room with a white couch and other furniture.	A living room, and dining area open to a deck.	A picture of a living room from the top.	
A man falls down while skating on a slope	A man falls off his skateboard and hit his head.	A man lays on the ground while a skateboard is in the air above the ground.	A skateboarder is separated from his board with feet in the air.	A person on a skateboard on the ground of a park.	
A donkey walks near the edge of a cliff. 	A horse stands over a stony ground with mountains in the background.	A horse by itself on a rocky mountain	Pony standing at the edge of a mountain cliff.	A donkey and man on a large, rocky mountain.	
A man in pajama pants carries a lime green suitcase.	This photo shows someone grasping the handle of a green piece of luggage.	A person with their hand on the handle of a suitcase.	A man carries a bulky, stuffed piece of luggage.	A man holding a large bag of lime green luggage.	
A pool with several lounge chairs on a sunny day.	A large pool with a lot of land area .	A pool with an umbrella and chairs is shown.	A large outdoor pool surrounded by grass and chairs	An outdoor swimming pool surrounded by lounge chairs and umbrellas with woods in the background	
Two people ride on a motorcycle on a street. 	Two people on a motorcycle driving down the street.	There is a woman on a cell phone riding a motorcycle.	A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle.	A man and woman are riding on a motorcycle at night.	
A number of young people are enjoying themselves around a fountain, not far from a fire hydrant.	A red and yellow fire hydrant near the water fountain. 	a skinny red fire hydrogen  by some people	A red and yellow fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.	A red fire hydrant is next to a public water fountain.	
a cow eating some hay over a gate	Cow sticking head through gate so she can eat some hay	A cow reaches through its fence to eat hay.	A cow eats hay with a hat on.	a close up of a cow eating hay off the ground	
a white urinal with its blue and white controller	White plastic object with tubing mounted above a urinal.	a close up of a urinal and a device next to it	A urinal in a restroom with a deodorizer hanging above the urinal. 	there is a urinal next to a dispenser	
A man who is walking across the street.	A busy intersection with an ice cream truck driving by.	a man walks behind an ice cream truck 	A man is crossing a street near an icecream truck.	The man is walking behind the concession bus.	
A yellow and black parasail lying on the beach.	A person is on the beach with a parachute and another person is skiing on the water and flying a parachute. 	A man kitesurfing while a man sets up a kite on a beach.	a person on a beach with a large kite 	A man riding on top of a kiteboard in the ocean.	
a bluish motorcycle parked on sidewalk in park	a light blue and black motorcycle is parked	A blue motorcycle parked on a walkway near green grass.	a blue motorcycle is standing out in the open	a motor bike sits parked on a side walk	
Two eyes peeping through two doors with a floor	A white, grey, black and yellow door on a train	The glass windows in a pair of sliding doors is fogged up.	A train with closed doors while the train in motion.	A train entrance with two doors and a yellow pole.	
A herd of elephants walking across a body of water.	A herd of elephants in rocky area next to water.	A group of elephants is walking out of the water.	A herd of large elephants in a pool of water.	A herd of large elephants get to the other side after crossing a river.	
A young man leaing a cow down a rural country road.	The boy is leading a spotted cow by a rope.	a young boy holding onto a harness for a cow 	An old photo of a boy leading a cow by a rope.	A LITTLE WHITE BOY WALKING A BIG COW.	
A bird sitting in a tree, in the middle of a clear day.	A bird sitting on top of a wooden tree branch.	A bird that is perched on a tree branch.	A bird sits on a large tree branch.	A bird that is standing on a branch of a tree. 	
A man wearing a hat while standing next to a body of water.	a man is standing in a jacket and hat	A man wearing a hat and jacket stand in the foreground with boats in the background.	a black and white photo of a man wearing a hat	A man standing in front of canoes in the water.	
A large living room has many items thrown around it.	This is a somewhat cluttered kitchen and dining area.	A cluttered kitchen counter and dining area in a house.	View of a cluttered kitchen counter, clothes hanging on back of chairs, and a opened cabinet door.	The house is very messy and should be cleaned. 	
A man and woman throwing a frisbee on the beach.	Two people playing frisbee on a beach on a sunny day.	Two people play Frisbee on the sand barefoot	Two people playing frisbee with each other on the beach.	A young boy and a young girl playing catch on a beach.	
A grey cat starring at a hand with a donut.	a close up of a person holding food to a cat	A person eating a donut while a cat watches.	A person holding a donut close to a black cat	A person trying to feed bread to a kitty cat.	
Young men playing a game of base ball	A group of baseball player standing on top of a field.	Baseball players and an umpire stand on the playing field.	A young baseball team playing a game on the field.	A group of athletes are performing in a sport field.	
a person sitting on the ground in front of a stove	A guy staring into an oven with something cooking in it.	A person sitting in front of a white stove.	A man watches his pizza cook inside an oven.	A man sits in front of his oven and watches what is cooking in there	
A boy is laying on a bench in a park.	The young boy is looking intently into the camera.	a boy sitting on a bench at the park	A little boy is lying on a bench in a park.	A young boy laying on top of a bench next to a tree.	
two train on a track near a building 	A sleek, metal train pulls up to a platform.	Sleek train in the middle of the day in an old town.	Two trains sitting at a train station in the city.	Two strains stopped at a station, attached to tracks and overhead wires.	
People are milling about on a city street. 	some people bicycles buildings and two streets and a coke machine	A busy street filled with pedestrians and people on bikes.	The people are walking and riding bicycles on the busy streets.	a road busy with some people on bikes and some kids walking 	
A large sign and some cars on a street.	A city shopping district and its variety of store and gas station signage.	a market sign sits on the corner of a street 	many business signs on a city street 	service station signs cars and a stop light	
Skies skiing near a chair lift and a mountain behind.	People ski together down a snow covered mountain. 	Two skiers are skiing down the snowy mountain.	A snowy white capped mountain with two skiers.	 Two skiers skinning down a snow hill	
A woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.	The audience watches the tennis playing woman on the court. 	A tennis match being viewed from an audience perspective.	An image taken from the audience of a tennis tournament.	A tennis player waiting for a serve on a grass court.	
A blue vehicle with a dog sitting in the driver's seat.	A dog that is sitting in a car.	The dog is sitting behind the driver's seat of a blue car. 	A dog driving a blue vehicle down a street.	A dog sits in the driver's seat of a parked car.	
All of the people have their motorcycles parked.	Men are gathered at a motorcycle show together.	Outside, there are motorcycles resting on the grass while people congregate in small groups alongside of them. 	a couple of bikes that is parked in a field	An antique motorcycle packed ready for a tour at a rally	
Some people in high visibility jackets putting suitcases onto a conveyer belt from a container	people at the airport offloading the baggage with their names on	A group of men loading luggage onto an airplane.	Workers at an airport transporting luggage from the plane.	a group of people that are next to some bags	
A birthday cake is shaped like a fire truck.	A cake made to look like a fire truck.	The birthday cake has a fire engine and 4 year olds name.	A birthday cake shaped like a fire truck	A birthday cake decorated with a red fire truck. 	
A white cake with chocolate being poured over the top of it.	Liquid dark chocolate being poured over a white cake	A spoon with chocolate being poured on a cake.	This cake is being doused in liquid chocolate	The chocolate is being poured onto the cake.	
A large gray elephant standing on top of a field.	One of an elephant's tusks is partially broken off.	Closeup of an elephant with white tusks and trees in the background.	Closeup of a mature elephant in a shady park enclosure.	this is a close up picture of a elephants face 	
Small passenger train passing through verdant country side. 	A short passenger train on train tracks lined with trees.	A train rolls down the track through the forest.	A very nice looking train on the tracks in the woods.	A passenger train rolls along a track in the countryside.	
A bathroom with focus on the toilet in the bathtub.	a brown bathroom with three rugs a tub and a toilet	a picture of a bathroom with two multi color rugs.	Bathroom scene with French door passageway in background, commode and bath tub, curtain on left, brown marble floor and marble wall on right.	a brown and black bathroom with 3 different bath mats on the floor	
A large white polar bear laying on top of snow.	a polar bear sleeping on the snow 	a polar bear lays down on some snow 	a polar bear is sleeping on the snow	In this photo you can see a sleeping polar bear.	
A woman holding a plate of food near a grill.	A woman holding seafood sitting on a boat.	A food vendor preparing a meal for a customer.	An Asian woman serving a plate of shrimp.	A female vendor  on a boat handing out freshly fried fish.	
a jet airliner wing that has two jet engines	A view of wing with two jet engines are on a runway while people watch.	Two turbines on the wing of an airplane	this plane has two large fans on its wings	a jet engine on the wing of a plane	
A white surfboard sitting in a room before a set of track lighting.	A white surfboard with a sign in the background that reads "billabong."	A surfboard is being displayed in an office.	A room with a logo brand and supplies.	A Bllabong sign is directly is sitting in the studio. 	
A woman on a surfboard is about to fall in thew ater	A woman surfing nearly parallel to the surface.	Surfing girl riding a surfboard almost parallel to water	A girl falling off her surfboard in the ocean.	The woman is riding the waves on the water.	
A horse standing in the middle of a street.	A horse on a street during the day.	A horse standing on a open city street.	A horse with red sturups on it is standing .	a close up of a horse tethered to a carriage in front of a building	
There is faded green paint on a wooden step	A horizontal view of the seat of a picnic table.	A bench, with worn, green paint on the bench. 	A weathered piece of wood that was once painted green	Stairs that have some fading green paint on them.	
A young girl standing in front of a pizza.	A little girl looking at a pizza pie	A young girl looking at a huge pizza in amazement.	A child is amazed by a very large pizza.	A girl in a brown jacket staring a whole pizza.	
A man on a skateboard is holding on to string.	a man is in a field on a board	A man on a four wheeled skateboard 	A man is flying into the open air.	A kite skateboarder lifts his board off the ground in a puff of wind.	
A desk with a computer, a keyboard, a mouse, a bobble head, speakers and a lava lamp on it.	A picture of a computer desk with various personal objects.	the computer is on a wooden computer desk.	A computer desk with a monitor, a keyboard and mouse, and several other computer accessories.	A computer desk with various items around it.	
The tennis player is ready to return the ball.	a tennis player getting ready to hit the ball	A person on a tennis court swinging to hit a tennis ball, with a crowd looking.	The woman is swinging a tennis racket at an approaching ball.	A tennis player wearing an orange skirt holds her racket back as a yellow ball is in the air near her.	
A large long train on a steel track.	A commuter train traveling down the tracks into the next station.	A train at a rest in a small train station	A blue and yellow train is parked on the tracks.	this is a train station waiting for a passenger	
A compact bathroom with vessel sink and toilet.	A small bathroom with a toilet and a sink.	Installing a vessel sink in a clean tiled bathroom.	A bathroom with gray tiled floor and walls	A modern white bathroom with visible plumbing under the sink.	
A person holding a smart phone in the palm of their hand.	a hand holding a gray and blue clock and some peoples legs	Hand holding an electronic component with a clock on it.	An old cellphone that doesn't flip or have a touch screen. 	The dial clock of a cellphone displayed in hand	
A hospital like bed with brown straps on the bottom	A stark room has a bed with straps at the bottom of the bed.	This is a white bed with a clipboard on it.	A hospital bed with leg straps sits empty.	A twin bed with restraints and a blood pressure machine next to it.	
A large white trash truck with a painting on it's side.	A garbage truck with an ad on the side is parked on the side of the road.	A garbage truck with a flower painted on the side.	A truck parked on the side of a street in front of a building.	A painted white truck with a flower on it in the street.	
a close up of a child eating something	A girl sitting at a table taking a big bite of food	A girl in a black jacket eating a burrito.	The young girl in a jacket is biting a sandwich.	A young girl eating some sort of sandwich.	
The giraffes wander around their cage and eat from the trough on a wall.	a group of giraffes are walking around a small corral	A group of giraffe standing next to each other on a field.	four giraffes in a fenced off pen with a feeding bin 	Group of giraffes are standing by building wall next to feeding trough	
A bike buried under snow next to parking meters.	A bicycle parked against a parking meter is drowned in snow.	Cars parked by parking meters buried in snow on a street near buildings.	A car at a parking meter, both covered heavily in snow.	a parking meter covered in snow next to a parked car	
A couple of older folks standing in a kitchen.	An elderly couple in a wood furnished kitchen.	An elderly man and woman in the kitchen standing up.	An older man and woman in the kitchen leaning on the counter.	Two adults stand together in a brown kitchen.	
A man on some skis in the snow.	A man in black jacket on skis with lodge in background.	A man sticks his tongue out as he skis down the slope.	A man poses for a picture with outstretched arms on a ski slope.	A person is on skis going down a snowy hill.	
A young woman with a sword standing next to a man over an orange cake.	A woman and man stand next to each other with a sword.	a man and a woman are holding a sword near a cake	The two people are holding a sward to cut a cake.	This is a picture of husband and wife cutting a cake. 	
A boy swinging a baseball bat on a field.	People are watching a young baseball player at the game.	a little league player swinging a bat during a game 	A baseball player swinging a bat over a base.	A boy swings at a baseball while adults watch.	
People wait at a public transport station in Thailand.	The crowds at the station are waiting for their buses.	a lady that is sitting on a park bench	People waiting in seating area with buses nearby.	 Several people gathered and waiting at a bus station.	
A banana and some fruit on a table.	Different types of fruit are shown on the counter.	a banana some oranges a lemon apples a bowl knife and cutting board	A pile of fruit sitting on top of a wooden table.	there are many fruits sitting next to a cutting board	
A gray and white cat sitting on a laptop keyboard with a photo of two people on the screen.	a cat sitting on a laptop keyboard that happens to be on someones lap	A cat is sitting on a laptop computer.	The grey kitten is lying on the keyboard of a laptop. 	A cat lays on a laptop computer, which is on a person's lap.	
A small clock sitting in the middle of a side walk.	A crowded street full of people with a clock.	A busy street corner shows a large clock on a post.	A small clock tower in the middle of a busy pedestrian walk area.  	People in a square near a small clock tower.	
A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.	Spectators watch a tennis player slam the ball	A tennis player in action on the court.	a person that is on a court with a racket	a man in white is swinging a tennis racket	
The black and white photograph of a classroom of schoolchildren is a bit out of focus on the right side of the picture.	A group of students are posing for a class picture. 	A bunch of kids standing together for a school picture.	A group of young children sitting next to each other.	a bunch of people are gathered for a photograph	
Intersection of two street signs and a stop sign.	This is a stop sign at the corner of Swampfox and Gamecock.	Stop sign on the corner of Swampfox and Gamecock roads	A stop sign with street signs attached to it	A stop sign on a street sign post at the intersection of Swampfox and Gamecock roads.	
a teal bed and a smaller pet bed sit on a red carpet.	The dog bed is set up for a pampered pooch.	A pet bed is beside a large chair with many pillows.	A blue cabana chair with lots of pillows	A round bed with lots of pillows next to a cat bed.	
A toddler boy is on a white pad playing a video game.	A boy in helmet playing a game with a Nintendo Wii controller.	A boy wearing a helmet is playing video games.	The young child is playing a video game. 	boy wearing a helmet while playing a video game	
A man riding a skateboard down a busy city street.	a guy riding a skateboard  down a somehwat busy road	Man dressed in black skateboarding down a street.	a guy walking down the street bagging his pants.	A picture of a man in black skate boarding down a city street.	
A vase filled with water and flowers sitting on a table.	Red berried plants have been placed in clear vases.	A vase of seasonal berries is reflected in a mirror.	Clear vases of red berry plants on a flat surface 	A vase with red berries and green stems.	
PEOPLE WAITING FOR DINNER IN A BUSY RESTAURANT.	A group of women talking at a restaurant 	5 female friends around restaurant table, two on cell phones.	Round table of women at a restaurant while one woman is on the phone.	A group of women are sitting at a restaurant together.	
A blue and red vase on a table top.	A colorful three level vase sitting on a white counter.	A blue ceramic vase that is round and tapered.	 a dark colored vase sitting on a white table 	Blue and purple vase sitting not he side of a white wall. 	
A cat sitting on a rug in a room with a couch. 	A black cat on the carpet with a couch and chairs in the room	A living room with two cats, one on a rug and one on a couch.	A room filled with furniture and decor in a room.	a living room with a cat sitting on the carpet 	
A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard.	This man is riding a surfboard over some waves	a surfer in a wet suit is riding a white surfboard and a boat	People frolic in the choppy ocean and take advantage of the surfing conditions. 	Surfer riding breaking wave with boat nearby in ocean.	
Guy sitting on ground in the middle of the street with traffic light behind him	The man is sitting down in the middle of the intersection.	A man in purple jacket and khakis sitting on a street.	A man sits in the street in front of a stop light.	A man sits on a pebbled street in front of a red light	
a long row of motorcycles parked along a sidewalk in a city	Photograph of Police motorcycles lined up along sidewalk.	A LOT OF CITY COP BIKES ARE LINED UP 	a line of police motorcycles line a city street 	Several mopeds of the same style and color parked near a curb.	
A couple plates of food and a bowl on a table.	Three plates of food sit on a checkered tablecloth	a plate of broccoli a bowl of soup and a plate of meat	A plate of broccoli sitting on a table with checkered tablecloth	Several dishes are ready in plates and bowl on the table.	
A yellow bus that is sitting in the grass.	A large yellow bus parked in some grass.	A school bus, parked in a rural area.	A school bus sitting in some overgrown grass	A bus parked in the weeds on a sunny day 	
A person riding on a waterski holding a handle	This picture taken from a boat shows a person water skiing.	A wake boarder riding on a wave, in the middle of a lake.	A man skis behind a boat on the water	A person on a board in the water.	
A dog standing in front of a chocolate cake.	A large dog sitting next to a birthday cake.	Grown dog sitting on floor with birthday cake in front of him.	A dog that has a cake placed in front of it.	A dog sits on a floor behind a birthday cake	
A person doing a skateboard trick up a bowl	A skateboarder jumping up on a ramp at night.	a person on a skate board does a trick on a ramp 	A young man ridding a skateboard up a ramp at a park.	A boy on a skateboard doing tricks in a skate park.	
A dog sleeps in a carrier  inside a mans coat.	A man has a white dog stuffed inside his sweatshirt.	Skater with skateboard in hand with puppy in sweatshirt.	A person holding a skateboard with a dog tucked in their jacket.	A person with a dog in his jacket holding a skateboard.	
A blue street sign attached to a pole.	A street sign with some writing on it in white.	a close up of a street sign on a pole 	A blue street sign on a pole, on a clear day.	A blue street sign that reads Prof. Verbernelaan.	
A brown horse sticking its head out of a red and white barn door.	A horse sticking its head out of a pen.	A horse poking his head out of his stall.	A horse with spots on it looking out of a stable.	A horse in stable number 14 looks out to see what is going on. 	
A group of small colorful boats sitting on a beach next to the ocean.	A couple of small boats parked on the beach.	A beach has kayaks lined up on it.	A bunch of boats on a sandy beach	A rainbow of kayaks arrayed on the sand flats at the water's edge.	
A tennis player holding a tennis racquet while he serves a tennis ball.	A tennis player throws the ball up to make a serve.	A woman about to serve during a tennis match.	A tennis player holding one arm up high on a tennis court.	A tennis player preparing to serve the ball.	
A stunt rider performs a trick on back of a horse.	A man doing tricks while riding a horse.	A man performs a trick on a running horse in an enclosure	a male in a red vest is doing a trick on a horse	A man is falling off of his horse. 	
a woman riding a horse while holding a flag	A lady dressed as a cow girl is parading down a street holding a flag.	A girl riding a horse holding a red flag	A woman dressed in red cowgirl gear rides a horse through a parade.	A young woman riding a horse holding a flag	
Two ponies eating grass in a field with tall grass.	Horses are grazing in a pasture behind a fence	Two donkeys are grazing in the green field.	Two horses eating grass inside a fenced field 	Two ponies graze the grass beside an electric fence in a sunlit field.	
Tourists relaxing on the beach at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel	Lounge chairs sitting around on a beach in front of a hotel.	People laying on a beach with chaise lounges and umbrellas.	A beach at a resort filled with beach chairs and some hotel guests.	a beach with a bunch of lawn chairs on it	
a street sign some buses and people walking down the sidewalk	The street sign is clearly visible for all of us to see.	there are traffic and people in the city.	A city street with lots of buses driving down it.	A blue sign that is on top of a pole.	
A small dog playing tug of war with his owner.	A yellow dog holds one side of a Frisbee while a hand holds the other side.	A dog has a frisbee in his mouth and a person is trying to take it.	a yellow lab tries to take a frisbee from its owner	A white and brown dog pulling frisbee from a hand.	
A man rides a silver motorcycle down the street in town.	A man  in a yellow coat riding a large bronze motorcycle	a man wearing a helmet and riding a motorcycle down the middle of the street.	A person with a helmet on riding his cruiser motorcycle down the street.	A man rides his motorcycle with a helmet on.	
there is a man that is posing for a picture in front of donuts	a man standing in front of a big display case of donuts 	A man standing behind the counter at a doughnut shop.	A man is standing in front of a case filled with pastries.	A man standing in front of a bunch of doughnuts.	
A giraffe is bending towards two of its trainers	Two park staffers observing a giraffe inside its enclosure.	Two people are looking at a giraffe in an enclosure.	a man and a woman stand in front of a giraffe leaning forward towards them	TWO PEOPLE ARE STANDING NEAR TO A GIRAFFE.	
A woman in tight blue jeans standing next to a brown horse.	A woman wearing a cowboy hat posing with a horse.	A smiling young woman posing with a sleek brown horse.	A midsized horse in a field with her rider standing	A pretty young woman is posing with her horse.	
Two men are posing for a photo, one man is holding a slice of pizza on a plate, and they are surrounded by other people sitting at tables.	a person holding a slice of pizza next to someone else posing for a photo	The man smiles with a slice of pizza while next to a friend.	two men sitting at a table with one holding a plate with a slice of pizza on it	Two friends sitting at diner eating a slice of pizza.	
Friends playing a game of Frisbee in a green park	two people in a field playing frisbee with trees in the background	One man preparing to catch a Frisbee as another man guards him.	Two guys on a field tossing a white Frisbee.	Two young men standing on a green field playing frisbee.	
Two park benches sitting in grass under dappled sunlight	Two benches with the sun coming down on them	To park benches sitting on the grass next to a tree. 	A couple of park benches under the shade of a large tree.	two park benches in a park looking out over the parking lot	
A young girl is holding a stuffed animal.	A child holding a large teddy bear wearing boots and clothing.	A young girl holding a little stuffed animal rabbit.	a girl holding a stuffed rabbit on a table	Little girl holding a stuffed bunny rabbit toy.	a little girl sitting in a chair holding a stuffed bunny	
A white container filled with rice, meat and veggies.	A rice, meat and vegetables in a paper container	Rice, meat and vegetables inside a plastic container.	there is a white bowl with rice and meat in it	A tray with white rice, pork, and steamed broccoli, cauliflower and broccoli.	
A large room is decorated for winter holidays and features a rustic clock tower.	some snow decorations and a clock on a steeple 	A Christmas theme is put on display indoors	A clock sitting in the center of a building.	A shopping center decorated for Christmas with snowflakes and clock tower.	
A blue and orange bus on street next to buildings.	A man standing in the open doorway of a bus.	There is a blue, orange and black bus picking up passengers	A man with a green shirt boarding a blue and orange bus across the street from apartment buildings. 	A big blue city bus in the middle of the street.	
A man standing in a room with a remote.	A man standing next to a fireplace with a Wii remote.	A man standing on a carpet with a remote.	A young man is playing the Wii by himself. 	A man with a Wii remote stands in an immaculate living area.	
A batter getting ready to swing at a ball as the crowd watches.	A baseball game with guys in white uniforms and guys in blue uniforms	A batter about to swing and catcher and umpire at home plate.	A baseball player is attempting to hit the ball. 	A stadium of people watching a professional baseball game. 	
A city street show cars going up and down the hill.	A hill of a street at a stoplight with traffic 	A street that has four lanes of traffic.	a long road with cars on both sides of it 	A busy intersection in a city features several cars and buildings.	
A man in a white shirt and black shorts jumps near a soccer ball.	A man flying through the air in front of a soccer ball.	A person is on a field with a ball.	An illustration of a man jumping to kick a ball.	A picture of a man kicking a soccer ball on a field.	
Inside of an out house with the toilet seat up and a towel.	A black and white photo of a smelly outhouse.	A busted up out house toilet with a shit stained seat.	The outhouse is dirty and should be cleaned. 	A dirty toilet with a toilet paper hanged on the wall	
A woman laying on top of a surfboard in the ocean.	an image of a man swimming on his surfboard	A woman swims with her surfboard in the ocean. 	A person laying on a surfboard in the water.	A person paddling in the ocean after a day of surfing.	
A man in the air with a skateboard doing a trick.	a guy preforming a skateboard trick at a skate park	A skateboarder is in mid air doing a trick.	A man is doing a trick on a skateboard at a skate park	A man doing a trick on his skate board	
a bench near a table near a tree 	a chair that is outside next to a tree	an empty backyard is nicey arranged and set up	A backyard with tables, shade trees, and a stepping stone path.	A view of a tree, sitting in the grass.	
The man is taking a drink from a refrigerator near a tennis court. 	this is men sitting with their tennis rackets	a couple of people looking into a mini fridge for some drinks 	Several tennis players lean over a small cooler.	A group of men are investigating the containers.	
A man who is playing a video game.	 a man playing with a wii mote 	A man is playing with a WII video game.	a man with a black book bag on his back playing the wii game 	a man in a backpack is playing video games	
A guitar case rests on an empty bench	A pile of luggage sitting up against a metal bench.	A guitar case and some luggage sitting alongside a sitting bench.	Guitar case with travel tags leaning against a bench.	A guitar case sits among luggage on a metal bench.	
A man cleaning up a mess on a street with a red fire hydrant.	A man is working near a red fire hydrant	A red fire hydrant stands in a parking lot while a man holding the handle of a tool is in the distance.	There is a person outside near a red fire hydrant.	A man does work in parking lot with a fire hydrant.  	
A middle-aged man assembles a green kite at his office.	A man kneeling on a hardwood floor and holding a green kite in his hands.	A man in grey shirt holding a green kite in a room.	A man with a green kite kneeling on the floor.	Man assembling what appears to be a kite in his home	
Horse with odd striped head and white body in a sanctuary.	A zebra with a striped face and pure white neck and mane.	An animal with stripes like a zebra on it's head, and a white body.	a zebra but the everything after the head is pure white	A zebra that only has a striped neck and face, the rest of it is white. 	
A lady wearing an apron in a kitchen.	A woman standing by a counter in a small kitchen.	a woman stands in front of a cupboard with an apron on	A woman is standing next to a china cabinet.	A woman stands in the kitchen with an apron.	
A street post with a one way sign and street name sign along with holiday decorations.	A 6th Street light pole is decorated for Christmas.	Street sign decorated with bell shaped garland for Christmas.	A light post with a Christmas decoration hanging from it.	A Christmas decoration is on a light post.	
A herd of horses standing on the beach near the water	A herd of horses standing on top of a sandy beach.	a number or horses on a beach next to water	Many horses stand on a sandy beach next to the water.	A herd of horses are roaming free on the shore of a beach.	
A couple of traffic lights sitting under a cloudy sky.	a street light has the red lights glowing	The traffic lights are clearly visible for all of us to see. 	a pole with a stop lights attached to it	two sets of street lights attached to a pole 	
A brown and white dog on a skateboard next to group of people.	People watch from the sidelines as a bulldog rides on a skateboard	A dog runs alongside a skateboard with one paw on.	a close up of a dog riding a skate board	a dog is pushing a skateboard while kids walk.	
A surfer falling backwards off a surfboard on a little wave.	A man on a surfboard falling back into the water.	A Surfer riding his surfboard through the waves	A man surfing on a surf board in the ocean. 	A man riding a surfboard in the ocean on a wave.	
A group of giraffe standing on top of a lush green field.	Three giraffes standing in the sun in the woods. 	A group of giraffes that are standing in the grass.	a bunch of giraffes walk around in a vegetation area 	A group of giraffes standing and grazing in a forest.	
A blue motorcycle parked along the side of the road	A motorcycle parked at the side of the road.	A motorcycle parked along a road in front of a vineyard.	a black and blue motorcycle is parked some grass and trees	Blue motorcycle parked on pavement near winery sign.	
A desk that has a laptop computer on it.	A laptop computer sitting on top of a desk.	The computers are left on the desk in the room. 	A laptop sitting in front of a monitor, mouse and tripod.	A desk with a laptop in front of a computer monitor.	
A neat and tidy, modern, residential, family kitchen	A view of a kitchen with the curtains and cupboards closed.	A kitchen with pale curtains and a house plant next to the sink.	a sink and white cabinets in a kitchen	A kitchen with a sink, dishwasher, crock pot and coffee maker.	
A couple of people laying on top of a sandy beach.	The people are laying down on the beach under umbrellas.	People lay on the beach as a yacht sails in the ocean.	People lay on the beach underneath umbrellas. 	There are people laying on the beach under umbrellas.	
a small boy and a dog in a bedroom	a small boy in a black shirt a brown and black dog and a bed	a small kid stands next to a dog and bed 	a kid and a brown dog in a room with a small bed	A young boy standing over a bed next to a dog.	
A small child is eating a donut fed by another hand.	A blonde boy looking at his donut hole.	A boy is looking at a small doughnut with powdered sugar on his face.	A little boy eating powered sugar covered flood.	a child eats part of a sugar frosted donut	
A old bench next to an old building.	a brick building with a wooden bench in  front.	The wooden bench by the building is empty.	A stone building with a wooden bench placed near it	Two stain glass windows on an old brick structure.	
A couple of giraffes that are standing in the grass.	Two giraffes standing by a pole in a grassy field.	A couple of giraffe eating hay from a trough in a field.	Two giraffes are eating in a field of grass.	There are a couple of kangaroos out in a pasture and one of them is eating.	
A closeup picture of a bright orange grapefruit cut in half.	A cut in half blood orange sitting next to a blue wall.	a close up of an orange with a blue background	A view of an orange from up very close.	The image shows a half of an orange.	
A living room with a table with a mirror above it.	A room in a home that has antique style wooden furniture and a throw rug on a wooden floor.	A mirror that is on the side of a wall.	A room witha wood floor and furniture made out of wood.	There is antique oak furniture in the room and a mirror on the wall.	
the fully furnished basement looks clean and orderly	this living room has a day bed and a white couch	A living room with a red/brown area rug, two couches and a large flat screen TV.	A empty living room that has couches and a television.	A den with couches and a large screen television.	
A man and a women who are traversing the terrain on snow skis. 	skiers trying to carefully cross an ice frozen creek 	Two people in ski gear crossing a frozen river.	A couple of cross country skiers cross a running stream	Two people walk their skis on the snow.	
A beige colored dog jumps to catch a frisbee.	A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth is running toward the camera.	A dog is carrying a frisbee in his mouth	there is a dog in the field playing with a frisbee	A dog catching a frisbee in the air. 	
a bag with scissors with a zip on a table	An opened pouch holding three pairs of scissors.	A case with three pairs of scissors sitting on a table.	A brown case is holding some surgical scissors.	A case with different sized scissors in it.	
A group of people who are working at a table.	A man is smiling at a table next to two women who are writing in a notebook.	A group of people sitting around a table working on papers.	Four people sit at a table and look at several mobile phones.	Several people are sitting around a table having a business meeting.	
A family with two kids on the boat.	Small boat on muddy river with two children and one adult. 	A women and two children on a small boat.	a small boat on a large body of water 	A group of people sitting in a boat.	
A child is smiling for the camera while outside	A young child smiles for the camera while a tall clock tower dominates behind her.	A child is smiling next to a tower with a clock on it. 	A girl making a face near a large clocktower	A child on a  bench with a clock tower in the background. 	
A herd of wild animals grazing on green grass next to a lake.	Several cows graze near a river where a boat is floating.	A group of farm animals grazing in a field next to a river with a boat traveling on it.	Lake with boat in grassy fields with cows.	A river bank where cattle are grazing and a boat is in the river. 	
A man with a remote in a small room.	Black and white photograph of a man with a Nintendo Wii controller.	A boy using his Wii controller to play.	A man untangles his Wii controller in his very messy bedroom.	A man in a bedroom holds a Wii remote and bends down.	
A melted looking lay pot sitting on top of a spindle.	A metal looking jar on the top of a roll of wire.	a weird looking vase on a stand in brown	There is a vase being made near copper wire.	A brown pottery vase on a spool of wire.	
People sitting down for a meal in a restaurant.	A a lot of people sitting down at tables in a dining hall.	A server distributing food at a business conference.	A waitress is serving a man his food. 	Waiter standing over a man examining his dish.	
There are several people riding mopeds and motorcycles traveling down the street.	Several people riding motorcycles through a busy street.	Motorcyclists and pedestrians walking down a street with seated people looking on.	The motorcycle riders all have unusual passenger along.	A group of motorcyclists riding down a street in a crowd. 	
A person is working at a computer with a remote control and camera next to the camera.	A woman using a laptop computer on top of a wooden desk.	two female hands and a black laptop and a camera and controller	A person's hands are typing on a laptop keyboard that is sitting next to a remote control. 	a table with a camera, a remote and a person using a laptop computer	
A couple of pretty young ladies holding kittens.	Girls holding kittens while they are being pet.	Two women hold cats while others pet the cats.	Girls holding kittens in an outdoor space 	Girls holding up small white and grey kittens together. 	
A bathroom containing a toilet, sink and bathtub with shower, with no accessories.	A picture of a white bathroom with a sink,toilet and bathtub.	A white bath tub sitting under a window in a bathroom.	A bathroom with a toilet, tub, mirror, window and a shower pole. 	A bathroom with a sink, toilet, tub and shower head.	
A woman taking a picture of her rear view mirror with a dog sitting next to her.	A woman taking a photo of a dog in the side view mirror	A reflection in a side view mirror of a woman taking a picture.	A woman takes a picture of herself and her dog by using her car mirror.	A woman taking a self portrait with her black and brown dog.	
A bathroom sink with a marble counter top under a large mirror.	An image of a bathroom with a sink and mirror 	Soap and a water bottle are on top of a vanity in a teal bathroom.	A view of a sink with soap next to it.	A bathroom sink with a bottle of hand soap 	
Black and white photo of a family with a dog and females holding tennis rackets.	a photo of a male and a female children and a dog	a family with some rackets posing for a picture	A family who takes tennis very seriously pose with their rackets.	a group of people and a dog standing in front of a camera with two tennis rackets	
A small dinner table with chairs, a pouring picture and a mirror above it.	A mirror hangs on the wall in front of  a desk.	A mirror in hallway with small table and two stools with pillows next to it.	Stools and a table are arranged under a wall mirror.	A living room with two stools, table and mirror.	
A bedroom with a bed, desk and a television.	A hotel room is nicely made up for guests.	An image of a nicely decorated hotel room with luggage sitting on a bench.	A room with a chair, couch, door and a TV monitor.	A bedroom with a desk, bed and entertainment center.	A hotel room has a carpet with an interesting design.	
A city traffic light is red with a large billow of smoke in the background.	a street post with lights while clouds go by	A traffic light sitting under a blue cloud filled sky.	some clouds a traffic light and some buildings	Traffic lights and a thick cloud in the sky.	
A couple of birds perched on poles sticking out of a lake.	Two birds sitting on wooden posts in water.	Two similar, small birds sit on posts in a lake.	Two birds sitting on top of wood poles	Two birds perched on sticks on the water.	
Three hot dogs with ketchup and mustard on a plate	A white plate topped with three hot dogs.	These three hot dogs on buns with ketchup and mustard are ready to eat.	A view of three hotdogs up close. They are covered in ketchup and mustard.	Three hotdogs with ketchup and mustard on the bread	
A hand reaching into a box of donuts on a counter.	A person reaching into an open box of doughnuts	There is a box filled with glazed doughnuts	Hand reaching into a box to pick up a glazed donut	Person reaching into a basket filled with doughnuts. 	
A bunch of cars that are parked in front of coin meters.	The view of a company parking lot and parking meters.	A row of parking spaces and parking meters in a downtown area	Group of cars parked in front of a large building. 	A row of cars and trucks parallel parked at parking meters.	
A teddy bear holding up miniature replica pizza boxes.	A brown teddy bear covered in mini  pizza boxes.	a close up of a stuffed animal holding pizza bozes	Stuffed animal bear holding three small pizza boxes.	The teddy bear is posed with pizza boxes.	
A blue bench sitting under a clock mounted to a wall.	A blue bench under a clock outside a white building.	A round clock, mounted on an outdoor wall with three doorways, hovers over a black-and-blue bench.	There is a blue bench outside the neutral colored building.	A large clock on the wall of a building over a bench.	
Street art painted on the wall in an asian country. 	The view from a city street of a building covered with a painted mural.	A construction wall that has been used as a billboard.	A large mural on a building at an intersection.	a street corner is boarded by painted walls	
A herd of zebras stand around in the wild.	Four zebras standing around in a green field.	four zebra are standing in a grassy area with trees	Small group of Zebras standing in an open field. 	A group of five zebras stand in a field.	
A CROWD OF PEOPLE WATCHING A SKATEBOARDER PERFORM	The large crowd watches a skateboarder descend a rail on a stair case.	A man riding a skateboard down the side of a hand rail.	A skateboarder flips his skateboard while others look on.	A skateboarder grinds a rail in front of an audience.	
A small white dog catching a green frisbee on a lush green field.	A small dog trying to grab a frisbee from someone	Small dog waiting for green frisbee to be thrown.	a small dog jumping up to reach a frisbee	a little dog jumping up towards a frisbee someone is holding	
A group of children sitting at a table sharing a meal.	People are sitting at a dinner table while awaiting the food.	Small children at a dinner table with purple plates. 	A group of kids sitting at a dinner table	Four children sitting at a set table with food on it.	
a surfer surfing on a sunny day and a pier in the background	A man surfing in the ocean along the beach side.	A surfer is riding on a wave in the sunshine.	A surfer riding a wave at the beach.	Man surfing on the ocean next to a city area.	
A couple of sliced pizzas on a table.	A cheese and broccoli pizza is served up on tin plates. 	A slice of broccoli pizza is shown on the table.	Nutritious pizza with toppings of egg and broccoli are kept in plates. 	A tray of broccoli pizza with two slices pulled from it	
A TV sitting on top of a table next to a laptop computer.	A bright blue laptop on a desk with a TV and plastic bottles.	a blue laptop is next to a small television screen	A blue laptop sits on a desk next to a small T.V.	A nice blue laptop on a messy table	
A couple of trucks parked under palm trees.	A truck sits in front of a tree line	Tow trucks are picking up cars after an accident.	Two flatbed two trucks are by the road, one with a car loaded.	Several vehicles and people in the grass on the side if the road.	
A bunch of bananas bundles together with a lady taking pictures	A woman taking a picture in a warehouse full of bunches of hanging bananas.	a woman taking a picture of a lot of bananas 	People standing near several hanging branches of banana bunches.	A couple of people standing next to some bananas.	
Three kids sitting with presents and cake, with a lot of books behind them.	Three children who are sitting at a table with some pizza on it. 	A group of young girls sitting in front of a table.	some little kids sitting by the end of the table	Two girls and a boy sitting at a table in front of a bookcase.	
Someone has hung those stuffed Animals from the top of the bridge.	Three different stuffed animals hanging from a bridge	Three pinatas hanging up in the rafters, above the ground.	Three stuffed animals hanging on the structure of a train track.	Three stuffed toys are hanging from a metal beam. 	
A walk in shower next to a toilet with a wooden seat.	The neat bathroom has green trim on the tile.	A toilet with a wood seat and a tiled floor	This bathroom has a pattern of blue tiles on the floor	A bathroom with blue tile outline around the floor	
Three workers stand next to each other with their baked goods behind them.	three people standing in front of trays of doughnuts and bagels	Three people in work uniforms and visors standing together in front of various types of donuts.	Three female workers stand in front of rows of pastries. 	Some girls in colorful shirts standing by some pastries.	
A herd of zebra walking across a dry grass field.	A large herd of zebra standing in the grass.	Group of zebras traveling single file through grassy plain.	A her of zebras standing around in the middle of a dry field.	some zebras are walking in a grassy field	
A cat on a pet bed looking at a laptop.	This is a picture of a cat laying near a laptop computer	tree is a cat sleeping between someones legs	A person holds a computer on their legs, and a cat between their legs.	It looks like the cat is using the laptop.	
A room with a large cabinet filled with white towels.	A bathroom with a tub and a towel cabinet.	The door of a closet is open with towels in it.	a cabinet towels a toilet and a sink	A plain white bathroom with a cupboard stocked with towels.	
The traffic light is clearly visible for us to see. 	Two green stoplights that are on top of a pole.	A couple of traffic lights sitting in the middle of a street.	A traffic light that is green on a snowy dark day. 	A stop light tells motorists to go across the intersection	
An old picture back in the 60's or 70's of a group of men and woman.	A black and white picture of a group of people.	In an historical photo, young men and women socialize.	a group of people crowded into a room	A group of people in suits and dresses stand in a room with wallpaper.	
A doughnut with sprinkles is sitting on a piece of paper.	Closeup of a donut with pink frosting and sprinkles on white paper.	Fancy sprinkled donut and napkin on a table in a donut shop.	A doughnut with frosting and sprinkles on a napkin.	There is a single frosted donut with sprinkles.	
A street containing various cars and lampposts at night.	Many cars are parked on both sides of a snowy street.	A street at night in some town with not so colorful lights.	a city street at night with parked cars next to the sidewalks.	Cars parked on the street at night near some buildings.	
A man prepares to bite into his sandwich.	A person that is eating some food on a plate.	Man in a cafe about to eat a double decker sandwich	A man sits down to eat a large sandwich.	A man wearing a brown shirt holds a sandwich.	
A small plane sitting on top of a runway near a parked truck.	A group of people gather around a plane.	a small aircraft , truck, and people standing on the runway	A group of people standing next to a small airplane.	A truck is parked near an airplane with people walking around it.	
A group of young children sitting on a bench	A group of young children sitting next to each other.	An bunch of kids posing in rows for a photograph.	Vintage black and white school picture of young boys and girls.	A black and white photo of young boys and girls.	
A black and brown dog walking across snow with a red Frisbee in't mouth.	Two dogs play outside on the fluffy snow.	two dogs are playing with a frisbee in the snow	A German Shepard dog holding a frisbee near a Siberian Husky Dog.	Two dogs stand in the snow inside a fence.	
A bus traveling down a city street at night.	A car and a school bus are stopped at an intersection.	A bus that is stopped at streetlights. 	four sets of stop lights at an intersection 	A school bus sitting at a traffic light across from another vehicle.	
A gate is near lots and lots of luggage that is all grouped together in different clusters.	A pile of luggage sitting up against a white fence.	Luggage is sorted into groups, and sits outside the fence for pickup.	Luggage is arranged in groups  on a concrete  platform. 	aerial view of suitcases grouped together waiting on a sidewalk	
A small child is holding a toy at the park.	Top-performing very large frisky with mother behind him	The woman smiles behind a child who's holding a large toy. 	A woman and small boy playing outside on a path.	Small child holding an orange and yellow sign in front of a woman. 	
A red soft bed with light shinning through	Two red beds sit near each other in a sunny room.	a bed room with two beds near each other	Two beds set right next to each other in a room	A bed with red sheets and a large wooden headboard.	
Two men sell ties at an outdoor market.	A man sitting in front of a computer on top of a desk.	Two men at a table under a tent selling neckties.	Street vendors shows off their selection of ties.	Two men at a table with ties sitting near a laptop.	
an extreme close up of pizza and a fork on a plate	Cheese is the main dish of this dinner as it pours over the side.	some kind of food with a fork going through it.	A close up of a plate with an item covered with cheese.	Most people don't eat pizza with a fork.	
a train cart is near a white tank	A freight train traveling past a propane tank.	A graffiti marked train car passes by a gas tank.	A building with a propane tank out front 	A large white tank sitting on top of a green lawn.	
a small girl chasing a white kite in the air	A man and a young child fly a kite in a park.	People sitting at picnic tables and flying kites at a park.	A man and a child in a park area playing with a kite.	A man and a young boy playing with a kite.	
A man standing on the side of a road holding a protest.	People are holding up handwritten signs near passing cars. 	Protesters hold up signs next to a busy street.	Protestors standing on a street corner holding signs as cars pass by.	The people are holding protest signs on the side of the road.	
A cluttered room filled with a tv and a kitchen. 	a room with a television set  a stool and some pictures	A small apartment has many belongings in it	The front room of an apartment with the basics.	A TV sits in a room with many other things. 	
A YOUNG LADY IS ON THE COURT PLAYING TENNIS	A woman standing on  a tennis court holding a racquet.	 a girl in black shirt hitting tennis ball.	a female tennis player about to hit a tennis ball	A tennis player after hitting a shot back to the other side of the court.	
A couple of jockey's riding the horses through the beach.	Jockeys races horses on the beach on a clear day.	Jockeys on horses race on an ocean beach.	People riding on horses as the run on a beach. 	three people riding horses on a beach 	
A fire hydrant on the side of the road spraying water.	a fire hydrant spraying water on a street	A red busted fire hydrant spewing water out onto a street.	A red fire hydrant gushes out a stream of water.	A fire hydrant is gushing water in a suburban setting.	
A man riding on top of a paddle board on a lake.	A man in grey shirt paddling on a surfboard.	The surfer is using a paddle to navigate.	a man standing on a surfboard below a sign in the air 	A man surfs on a lake with a paddle.	
Shot through a clear umbrella showing a person with a red umbrella.	A lady walking in the rain with a red umbrella.	A photo is taken through a clear umbrella of a woman with a red umbrella.	A clock reflection shows a woman with an umbrella.	A woman holding a red umbrella as viewed through a clear umbrella.	
A child sitting with container that has chips and a hot dog in it.	A child sitting at a table with a hot dog, pickle and chips in front of her.	A little girl sitting in front of a container with a hot dog and chips with a pickle.	A small girl smiles, holding a tray with a hot dog and nachos.	A child smiling in front of a hotdog, in a restaurant. 	
An airplane on a runway getting some work done.	A plane sitting on the tarmac while workers are on the ground.	A group of mechanics working on a plane.	a small twin engine propeller airplane on a tarmac	A plane parked on the cement with road cones around it.	
a dog on with a collar stands in between two people	A white small dog on a leash standing next to it's owner.	A white dog with orange paws is on a leash.	a white dog with orange shoes attached to a leash with a person standing to the side of him	Small white dog with orange booties being walked on pavement.	
a large boat is in the water by a dock	A large boat floats in the water by a dock.	A large passenger boat stationary at a dock.	A passenger ferry at the dock during the day	A boat is docked while the weather is clear	
One man is taking a photo and two others are holding Wii controllers.	A group of guys hanging out at work.	One man holds up a camera while three others stand against a wall.	A group of men standing around each other with a skateboard.	Group of people standing in a room, and one of them is taking pictures.	
A woman hitting a tennis ball on a court.	A woman swinging a tennis racquet towards a tennis ball.	A female tennis player finishes her swing after hitting the ball. 	A woman bending slightly to hit a tennis all with a racket.	a female in a red shirt is playing tennis	
a bunch of food that is on a plate	white seafood and french fries on a white plate	Some roasted seafood is on a plate with french fries.	A pretty plate filled with some tasty looking food.	A plate of grilled shrimp an dries with a side of sauce on a plate.	
A cat that is looking at a pastry.	A cat sniffing at a powdered jelly doughnut.	A large gray cat eating a lemon jelly doughnut.	A grey cat is hovering over a lemon filled doughnut.	A grey cat smelling a cut filled donut on a plate.	
A white bath tub sitting next to a toilet.	A bathroom area with a sink, toilet and bathtub.	A bath and toilet in a small room.	A bathroom that has a bathtub with the light on.	A bathroom with sheer curtains framing the tub	
A bird sitting on a sandy beach next to the ocean.	A bird walks by itself on the beach.	a bird on a beach with a ship in the back ground	a single little bird walking on the sand 	a seagull on a beach near a large body of water	
A man pointing at a hand held pizza. 	A man has a pizza in on a narrow street.	Man standing posing for the camera with a personal pizza in one hand.	A man standing in a street showing off a small piece of food.	Man makes gang signals as standing on street holding pizza.	
A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.	A young boy prepares to receive a serve during a tennis match.	A young boy plays tennis on a court.	A young tennis player is trying to hit the ball. 	A young man in a purple shirt is playing tennis.	
Woman showing off very large home made pizza.	A smiling lady holding up a very big pizza.	a woman is showing off a large pizza pie	A woman holding a large pepperoni pizza at a table.  	A woman getting ready to eat a pizza on the table.	
A cow grazing in the field and a man standing next to it.	A man with short sleeves and a hat, standing next to a cow in high grass.	A black and white image of a man in a hat standing beside a cow.	A man is standing next to a cox	A man standing next to a cow in a dry grass covered field.	
a kitchen with a table a stove and a sink	A kitchen with a small wooden table near the stove.	A kitchen with a cutting board, stove and spice rack.	A small, neat, simple kithcen with lots of cupboards and a small work table in the middle of the room.	A kitchen has white cabinets, a wooden island, and a red pictcher holding various instruments.	
Looking at a barge cross a channel of water under a cloudy sky	A pier with many boats and docks in a busy waterway area.	A distant shot of a cruise ship in the ocean. 	A boat moving across a river near a shore.	A barge is in the middle of a bay. 	
Batter and catcher playing in a game of baseball.	A boy batting during a little league baseball game.	Young boys are playing softball on a dirt field.	A young boy in a baseball uniform standing at home plate ready to bat	Boy attempts to hit a baseball with his bat.	
A herd of wild animals drinking from a river of slow moving water.	Three elephants are walking through a deep river.	Three elephants neck deep in a river with trees on the shore.	A lake outside with animals of some sort swimming in them.	the three elephants entered into a deep river	
Two gentleman standing next to each other in an office.	The two Asian men stare at the camera.	Two men in suit and tie are standing together.	Two Asian men standing in a office with business suits on.	Two men in business suits stand next to each other in an office. 	
A dinning room table sitting next to a small fireplace.	Dining table for six in a wood paneled room with a fireplace.	A small table with some chairs inside a dining room.	A table is set and a fireplace is lit.	A table with chairs and a fireplace in a house.	
Two computers, keyboard and phone with mouse on a desk.	There is a laptop next to a desktop computer	a laptop computer a keyboard with a screen a mouse and home phone	The interior of an office with a laptop next to a computer.	A couple of computers that are on a desk.	
a bowl of fruit, veggies, and sushi on a table	There is a bowl of salad containing fruits and vegetables	A bowl of vegetables and fruit such as oranges, cantaloupe and peaches sits on a brightly colored table. 	Bowl of food with a small paper bird in it.	Some fresh vegetables sit together in a bowl. 	
A plane on a runway in an airport	The huge four engine airliner is driving on the runway.	A large blue and white airplane on a lot.	A large jumbo jet on the runway of an airport.	A commercial airplane on a runway at an airport.	
rear view mirror reflection showing a dog in the back seat	A dog sticks its head out of the car and is reflected in the side mirror. 	A couple of red cars parked in front of a house.	A side mirror shows a dog sticking its head out of a car window.	A mirror shot of a dog sitting in a car.	
A little child riding on top of a white horse.	A young helmeted boy rides a white horse.	A young boy in a black jacket riding a white horse.	a young girl riding a white horse in front of other people 	A young boy in riding clothes rides a horse.	
A bowl of apples and bananas sits on a woven cloth.	Two apples are in a bowl with three bananas.	Three bananas and two apples are kept in a bowl.	A bowl of bananas and apples on a table.	A cloth table with a bowl of fruit that includes apples and bananas.	
there is a sandwich and salad on a blue and white plate	A white and blue plate with a sandwich and salad of top.	A sandwich and lettuce that is on a plate.	A plate of food next to a laptop	A plate with a sandwich and salad sits in front of a notebook computer.	
A group of young boys playing a soccer game in progress.	Boys playing soccer together at a soccer field.	a small group of boys playing soccer outside	A group of young people playing a game of soccer.	A group of young men are playing soccer.  	
A player runs for the ball during a tennis match.	A woman reaching with her tennis racquet on a court.	A woman standing on a tennis court with a racket in her hand.	A lady wearing white sneakers playing tennis on a tennis court.	A woman vigorously plays tennis by running off the court.	
A bathroom with a sink and toilet and dark hardwood floor. 	A simple bathroom is shown with a bowl sink	The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use. 	looking into a bathroom with sink and toilet	A bathroom with a brown floor, white toilet and a sink with a bowl	
Two people on a motorcycle driving up a street.	A girl riding on the back of a scooter on a cobbled road. 	A girl is riding on back of a motorcycle.	A WOMAN AND MAN ON A MOTORCYCLE WITH HELMETS ON.	A man and woman riding a motorcycle down the street	
a close up of a hot dog next to a drink on a table	A Philly cheese steak with chips and a drink.	an image of a table setting with a hot dog	A table holding a basket with a hotdog, chips and a drink.	A sandwich with mustard and potato chips on wax paper and a glass.	
A mob of skier skiing down a snow covered mountain side.	A large group of people skiing along a snowy ridge.	A large group of skiers gather at the top of a hill	The skiers stood on top of the mountain.	Lots of people standing on skis at the top of a hill.	
A  horse in the water next to the birds	A horse getting a drink of water in a shallow grassland area.	A horse and his new friends drink at the same marsh.	A horse is surrounded by white birds in a watering hole.	A brown horse with ducks standing in water and drinking water.	
Three horse grazing on grass near a street sign.	three horses stand next to a street sign grazing 	three brown white black  horses and a an arrow sign	Three horses are grazing on grass by the road.	Three horses grazing on the side of the road near a road sign.	
A big very tasty looking sandwich filled with some meat.	The sandwich is made with a sesame seed bun.	A large meaty sandwich sitting on aluminum foil.	a sandwich that is on top of some foil	A burger that is sitting on top of foil.	
A close up of a plate of pasta containing broccoli.	A dish of pasta and broccoli is covered by finely shredded cheese.	Pasta dish with cheese and vegetables served on plate.	A plate of sime sort of pasta with meat and broccoli	A plate of pasta with broccoli, beef, and cheese.	
a person wearing a green hat playing nintendo wii	Man with a party hat happily playing on the Wii in his living room	A man in a living room playing video games.	An older man playing a video game with a green paper hat on his head.	A man playing a game with a wii controller in a living room.	
A table with  a bottle of water and slice of pizza 	A slice of pizza on top of a paper plate on a table.	Slice of pizza sitting on a metallic table inside a restaurant. 	A slice of pizza on a plate sitting on a table	The slice of pizza has pepperoni on it. 	
A group of people gathered to celebrate a birthday.	The cake is decorated for the family celebration.	people gather around and sit at a table around a birthday cake	a kid is sitting ion front of a cake 	A woman sitting in front of a cake on a table.	
A person walking across a beach next to the ocean.	The surfer is getting out of the water because the sun is setting. 	The sun shining down on a surfer on the beach.	a sunset at the beach during a cloudy day	A person carrying a surfboard on the beach at sunset.	
A lady on a very pretty decorated bike with a cute dog.	A bike with furry pink decorations and a small dog in the front basket.	a person riding a bike with a dog in a basket	This bicycle has fuzzy material in its spokes as well as a basket with a dog in it.	A woman rides a bike with a small dog in the basket.	
Closeup of a black hair dryer on a chair.	The black hair dryer is sitting in a chair.	A black hair dryer sits in a tan chair.	A hair dryer lays upright on a chair. 	A blow dryer sitting upright on a chair.	
A fire hydrant covered up halfway with snow.	Fire hydrant covered in snow in front of house and trees.	A fire hydrant that is covered in snow.	A red fire hydrant that is half buried in the snow.	A fire hydrant is in the snow in front of a house.	
A group of young people riding on top of a snow covered slope.	Several people on skis on a snowy slope. 	A group of skiers on skis on a mountain slope.	a couple of people are skiing down a snowy slope	A group of men ski across the snow covered ground.	
a stop sign altered so it says 'stop hammer time'	Stop sign with a message on it sitting next to a tree. 	a big red stop sign that is out side	An altered stop sign highlighted in an altered photograph 	A stop sign contains the phrase hammer time.	
A little girl walking along a row of orange cones.	a little girl is standing on a runway	A girl stands on an airport tarmac between orange cones in front of an airplane being boarded.	this is a little girl standing in an airport	A little girl is standing between several orange cones.	
A woman walking past a man in a train station.	People standing and talking in a black and white photo.	several people are waiting at a train station	A man standing against a wall and looking at a cellphone as people walk by him.	A man standing in a sport coat and looking down at his hands as a woman passes in front of him.	
A herd of sheep walking on top of a lush green field.	A bunch of sheep that are standing in the grass.	There are baby sheep and grown sheep in a field of grass. 	Sheep walking and grazing on green grass in open field.	a bunch of sheep standing on some grass 	
A beach is full of umbrellas and beach chairs.	This is a beach with a lot of lounge chairs under umbrellas	A large sandy beach with umbrellas and chairs.	many umbrellas are lined up on the beach at the foot of a city	The beach is crowded red and white beach umbrellas.	
a plate with a cooked dish and a spoon sitting on a table	A white plate topped with broccoli and beef.	a plate of food that is on a wooden table	This Asian dish features meat and broccoli together	The green vegetables offset the dark teriyaki beef in the stir fry.	
Parking meters and signage are on the side of the street	A row of parking meters in front of a stop sign. 	A car is driving down the road near some road signs. 	a row of parking meters line a street in front of a stop sign	A view of a parking lot with parking meters.	
A surfer in the middle of a jump in the ocean	A man in the air while surfing in a water suit. 	A man riding a board into the air over foamy water.	A man in a black wetsuit is surfing in the water. 	A person on a surfboard in mid-air with water splashing under him.	
A road line with blue fire hydrants next to a sign.	many fire hydrants on a side walk near a car 	some blue hydrants sitting on the side of a road filled with some cars 	A car pulls away from a curb lined with green fire hydrants.	A busy street is lined with sidewalk and fire hydrants.	
A giraffe near a white door on a brick wall. 	A giraffe standing next to a brick wall.	a big giraffe stands in front of a building 	A large giraffe standing outside of an enclosure.	A giraffe looking to its right in a zoo pin.	
a bunch of already peeled oranges grouped together 	A bowl full of oranges that have been peeled.	A group of peeled and whole oranges in a bowl.	Peeled citrus fruit stacked in a striped bowl.	Peeled tangerines sitting in a bowl in a kitchen.	
a pole is above a couple of skies	We are looking down at the skis of a skier riding a ski lift.	A first person view of someone about to ski down a mountain. 	A person sitting on a ski lift wearing two large skis.	Looking down at skies from chairlift and snow.	
A tray with a hot dog next to fries and a drink.	A hot dog and french fries are on a plate.	A meal tray with a hot dog and fries.	The hotdog with mustard and ketchup has a side of french fries.	A hot dog and fries are served on a tray.	
People stand in the drizzle with black and white umbrellas.	there are a lot of people sitting with umbrellas	Many people are sitting under black and white umbrellas.	a number of people standing near one another with open umbrellas 	a crowd of people sitting under black and white umbrellas 	
A view of a kitchen shows large and small appliances and pans on the cabinets.	A kitchen counter with appliance and utensils all around. 	A kitchen with various cooking implements hanging from the cabinets.	A kitchen counter topped with a microwave and a toaster oven.	A white kitchen counter and gray cupboards with red trim.	
A baseball game in progress with the batter about to swing.	A baseball player holding a baseball bat on a  field.	A man prepares to hit a baseball in front of a large audience.	an image of a professional baseball game being played	People at a baseball stadium watching a game.	
A professional tennis player towling off his head	A man that is sitting down with a towel on his head.	A man sitting on a chair wiping his head off with a towel. 	a tennis player sitting in the shade beside the tennis court	A tennis player with a red shirt and white shorts taking a break.	
an image of a person slicing pizza with a knife	Someone cutting a piece of thin crust cheese pizza. 	Two hands cutting some food on a plate.	Person using a butter knife to cut a cheese quesadilla.	a person cuts some food with a butter knife 	
a man is sitting under a red umbrella outside	A man sitting at a table under a red umbrella.	A man sits at a small table under an umbrella. 	A line of table against a building on a sidewalk. 	Tables with umbrellas outside of eatery on crowded city street.	
A group of people observing two planes at an air show. 	A family walks on a runway near huge planes.	People walking towards aircrafts on display outside during the day.	People walking around two different Air Force airplanes.	Large, air force airplanes sit on a runway while tourists look at them.	
A little girl sitting in front of a table full of dishes.	A kid sitting at a table eating some food.	Young girl at table with food items near seating area.	A girl observing a piece of food at a dinner table.	A little girl that is sitting on a table.	
A white plate topped with sausages and veggies with gravy.	There are several hot dogs on this plate along with two sides.	The meal is prepared on the dish ready to be eaten. 	A plate of food sits on a table with a drink.	a plate with some hot dogs and tomatoes on it 	
A man in a restaurant admiring a gigantic pizza.	A man in a green shirt holds a large pizza with lettuce on it.	A man sitting in front of a large pizza with cheese, sauce and a leafy topping. 	Man in green shirt sitting in front of gigantic pizza.	The man is holding an extremely large pizza with a lot of stuff on it.	
a number of statues of people in a kitchen	A diorama of a bunch of people working in an old kitchen.	A bunch of figures that appear to be making clay.	Sculpted people at work in a dim pottery factory	A diorama of workers working in an old kitchen.	
A black and white photograph of men on bicycles in a city.	The men on the bicycles are all wearing suits.	A black and white picture of people on bikes	A black and white photo of people riding bikes	Bicyclists dressed in vintage attire sit on a city street with modern cars.	
A close shot of two separate trains. 	Commuter trains on tracks next to paved platform.	The side of a train that is passing another train.	two passenger trains passing by each other on some tracks 	A large long train on a steel track.	
A hand holding a sandwich in a napkin	A woman is holding a large sauerkraut hot dog.	a person holds a hot dog in their hand	A person that is holding some food in her hand.	A hot dog in a napkin with onions and green peppers	
A crowd of young children sitting next to each other.	A bunch of very young children posing for a photo.	A group of kids are wearing dresses and suits and ties.	A group of kids posing for a class picture.	A large gathering of small children in a building.	
The large motorboat is painted yellow, grey, and white.	A large white and yellow boat docked next to a pier.	A medium sized boat parked near the dock 	a big boats sits docked next to a peer 	A boat at a dock in a harbor. 	
A woman standing next to a  white horse in an arena.	a woman standing next to a white horse at the circus 	A woman standing next to a horse with a crowd watching.	a woman and a horse standing before a crowd	A woman in a skirt is leading a white horse.	
A man is in a kitchen making pizzas.	Man in apron standing on front of oven with pans and bakeware	A baker is working in the kitchen rolling dough.	A person standing by a stove in a kitchen.	A table with pies being made and a person standing near a wall with pots and pans hanging on the wall.	
A closeup of a pepperoni pizza in dark area. 	A pizza on a table lit only by candles.	A rustic pizza on a table with a a candle in a very dark room.	A fully cooked pizza that has been set next to a candle.	A pizza sitting on a table near a glass and a candle.	
A bathroom with a tub and toilet. 	A bathroom with stone walls and white and red accents.	A bathroom with a bathtub, toilet, and sink.	A bathroom with a tub, toilet and a sink.	The bathroom in the house needs to be remodeled. 	
A wooden table topped with slices of toast, soup and OJ>	soup, sandwich, a glass of orange juice and a spoon	A picture of toast, peanut butter and juice.	Sandwich sitting next to orange juice and container of cream. 	This meal has a sandwich, soup, and orange juice.	
A young boy wearing pajamas eating in a kitchen.	A toddler in a blue shirt stuffing a donut in his mouth. 	The young boy is eating a donut in the kitchen.	a close up of a child eating a doughnut 	a small child is biting in to some food	
a close up flowers and plants inside of a bowl 	A group of flowers and vegetables in an orange bowl.	This  is a bowl of wild flowers that someone picked.	A yellow bull with broccoli and flowers in it.	A bowl of berries and pink flower petals.	
I am unable to see the image above.	Green accented store window with bicycles in the display area and a green bench out front.	Two bicycles are sitting in a window that is behind a park bench and two chairs.	A storefront that has bicycles in the window	A couple of bikes are in a shop window	
A hipster carrying a black bag of luggage on grass.	A person on a sidewalk with a large suitcase.	A guy with a suit case near a car.	a person carrying a large luggage bag on a side walk	A person holds a suitcase in their hands on the grass.	
Zebras walking in the middle of the road	Three zebras walking on a road far behind a car.	there are three zebras that are walking the street in the forest	There are three zebras walking down a road.	The three zebra are walking down the road.	
A bacon and cheese covered hot dog on a paper.	A bacon cheddar hot dog bun in paper	A hot dog in a bun topped with bacon and cheese.	A cheesy covered hot dog sits in a bun	A hot dog bun filled with strips of bacon and nacho cheese.	
A store with lots of unripe bananas and other products.	Food stand with hanging fruit, bottles of water and food in bins.	A bunch of bananas are hanging from a food stand.	A fruit stand that has various types of fruits hanging.	a number of bunches of bananas hanging in a market	
A person kiteboarding over the ocean on top of waves.	A large sail flying high in the air above the ocean.	A kite boarding through the waves in the ocean.	A person is water skiing in the middle of the ocean with a mountain in the back.	A person is using a sail to pull themselves on a surfboard.	
There is a water shuttle going down a canal.	a boat in a river near buildings and trees	Covered canal tour boat in Europe on a sunny day	THERE IS A BOAT THAT IS COMING DOWN THE RIVER 	A large passenger boat is floating down a canal.	
An old ornate clock face set in a brick building.	People standing in front of a stone building.	A large church tower with a small crowd of people standing underneath it.	A building with different clocks on the face of it	A very intricately designed old tower clock, with people coming through the arched doorway at the bottom of the photograph. 	
A woman running while holding a baseball bat.	A group of people playing baseball in a field	A girl in a uniform with a bat and running.	Children smile as they play a game of baseball.	children playing baseball in a wire fenced field.	
a close up of a person kneeling holding a rugby ball	A uniformed man prepares a ball for rugby.	A man is sitting a football on a mount. 	A guy places a football on the holder in preparation to kick it. 	A man with a helmet holds a ball.	
a brown and white dog is sitting in some grass and a red and white fire hydrant	a dog sitting beside a red fire hydrant in a dog park 	A brown and white dog near a red and white fire hydrant.	A dog sitting in the grass near a fire hydrant. 	A dog in the grass near a red fire hydrant.	
A small white mouse sleeping on top of a remote control.	White rodent laying its head on a black controller. 	A white ferret laying its head on a remote control.	A ferret lays it's head down on a remote control.	White ferret under a blanket resting its head on a remote control.	
A cream color cat sitting on a wooden bench.	A large fluffy cat sitting on top of a wooden bench.	A cat sits on a wooden bench between flower pots.	A cat sits on a bench near a flower pot shaped like a turtle. 	The cat is sitting on the bench with the flowers.	
A blue and yellow train sitting in a train station.	A shiny blue and yellow passenger train at a station.	A blue and orange  passenger train is leaving the platform.	A blue train arriving at a train station.	A blue and orange subway sits at a station.	
A living room and kitchen with a mattress in the hall.	A twin mattress sits in the corner of an apartment.	A mattress is laying on the floor of a kitchen.	White apartment building with various out of place furniture.	a white couch  and a mattress on the ground and some cupboards	
A blue van is parked next to a broken fire hydrant.	a van parked next to a curb in the street	A van is parked on the street near a crooked fire hydrant.	An old GMC van is parked at the side of the road.	A van parked on the curb by a damaged fire hydrant that was knocked over.	
A train moving along a track near a field.	A modern train traveling through a wooded area.	Black and white photograph of a modern commuter train 	A passenger train going through a wooded area by a lake.	a vintage photo of a train passing through a rural area 	
a large bus with two levels is parked outside	A red double-decker bus on a London street.	A red double decker tour bus in London, England.	A double high bus that is sitting in the street.	A double decker bus in the street near a building. 	
A living room filled with furniture and a white table.	A table and a television in a room.	a living room with a bunch of appliances inside of it 	A stroller sits in a cluttered living room.	Light is shining in a window to a cluttered living space.	
A flock of doves and a man sitting in a park.	A man sits on a structure with birds in the vicinity.	Man sitting in a park feeding a flock of pigeons. 	Birds stand on a side walk under the large trees. 	A man sitting in a park surrounded by birds.	
A set of pizzas sitting on top of a display case.	A counter with a variety of pizzas lined up in a row. 	Pizza bar containing different pizza topping on top	A variety of pizzas are on a counter. 	Several large cooked pizzas in a room on a counter.	
COLORFUL BRIGHT EYED CAT SURROUNDED BY ALL BLACK AND WHITE BOTTLES AND CANS	a cat sitting among some empty beer bottles	A cat next to opened bottles of beer and wine	A cat next to a windows behind cans and bottles.	A cat standing next to bottles of beer.	
The bushels of bananas on display are purple.	some purple bananas sitting between apples and some squash	some purple bananas and other fruits are together	A pile of black bananas and other fruit 	Assorted fruit on display at a fruit market.	
A man standing in a room holding a game controller.	A male is standing in a room playing a Wii.	A young man dressed in black playing a video game.	A man using a video game controller in a room.	A male playing a video game with projector in the background.	
A baseball player has his arm outstretched with a mid air ball near his hand.	A baseball player throwing a baseball on a baseball field.	A baseball player throws a baseball from the pitchers mound.	A pitcher throwing a ball in a baseball game	A baseball player throwing a ball during a game	
The skiing woman is jumping in the air.	A skier is making a jump off of a ramp.	a person is in the air on a pair of skis	A professional ski jumper skiing off a hill.	a kid doing a jump off of a little hill on snow skis 	
Cars, truck and carriages are traveling on the road	A horse drawn carriage among several other motor vehicles on a road.	A horse and cart are stopped on a busy street.	Several vehicles and a horse drawn cart pull up outside of a building.	a few cars that are parked out on a road	
Three photos of people throwing and catching Frisbees. 	Three side by side snapshots of a people playing with a frisbee.	Various frames of people that are playing with a frisbee.	a trio of pictures showing people and a frisbee	A group of people playing frisbee in a field	
A group of people are reading a menu at the table	A group of people sit at a large table while talking.	People sitting on the long table with plates of food. 	A long table full of people on both sides.	A long table accommodating many people while eating	
A horse's rider jumps the horse over a log.	A person riding on a horse jumping over a ring of towers.	a woman riding a horse over some tires	A woman jumps a horse over an obstacle made of tires.	A rider taking a horse over a jump made of car tire halves.	
a couple of green chairs in a room	A well lit room with green leather chairs.	A room that has two green cushioned chairs with wooden legs and arms and a television and stereo to the side.	A couple of green chairs sitting on a wooden floor.	a living room with two chairs and a tv	
The dog lays on the old dirty blanket 	A dog laying on a blanket on the top of a couch. 	SLEEPING BLACK DOG, ON THE BACK OF A COUCH	A black dog laying on a cheetah print dog bed.	A dog is lying on a blanket on top of a couch.	
A young man skating on a slope as a crowd watch	A man on a skateboard performing a trick.	a man is in the air on a skateboard	A skater jumps in the air while many people watch.	A skateboarder performing a trick in front of a crowd.	
A man is surfing a big wave towards shore.	A surfer steadies his move through the waves.	A man surfing on the ways in the sea.	A young surf boarder is taking a small wave.	A man on a surfboard, surfing in the ocean.	
LADY SITTING AT A TABLE IN A RESTAURANT WITH PLATE OF FOOD	A woman in blue shirt sitting next to a plate of food.	a woman with glasses sitting a a table with a plate of food and beverage in a glass	An old lady with glasses with a plate of meat and a glass of water beside it	A lady sits in a restaurant with a plate of food in front of her.	
A green train is rolling down the tracks	A steam engine train travels down a country track.	A train coming steadily down the tracks, with smoke coming out.	a train makes its way through a grass area 	A steam train with cars traveling through the woods.	
A group of many statues in red on a table.	A big display of holiday items some using musical instruments.	several holiday statuettes of teddy bears, snow covered evergreens, and Santa Clauses.	Christmas decorations featuring three Santas and bears playing horn instruments	The Christmas figurines are each playing different instruments.	
Here is a woman lying on a bed pointing her finger.	A woman is pointing at the camera while lying down	A person pointing while lying on a bed with a book on his lap	A woman looking at a notebook pointing at the camera. 	a girl laying down with a book pointing her finger at the camera	
The blonde woman in the red checked shirt is learning to use Wii Fit.	A woman attending an exposition about the future.	A woman standing next to another woman in a building.	Woman with checkered shirt trying Wii Fit at Expo.	a couple of women stand in a video game booth 	
A man serving a tennis ball on top of a tennis court.	A tennis player at a match getting ready to hit a ball.	A man swings to hit a tennis ball on a court. 	a man getting ready to serve a tennis ball on a court in  front of an audience	A tennis player is in the process of serving the ball.	
The monitor is displaying a website for iTV.	A stuffed animal sits in front of a computer.	The teddy bear is facing toward the computer keyboard.	There is an at home computer monitor and key board.	A computer monitor with a teddy bear next to it	
There's a grill with a pizza cooking inside of it.	Food is cooking in a silver oven outdoors.	An outdoor stainless steel pizza over with a pizza in it.	An outdoor bbq gril with a pizza in the oven	A metal oven sitting next to plants outdoors.	
A woman holding a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.	A girl playing tennis in front of an empty stadium.	A young person that is serving a tennis ball to his opponent. 	A female tennis player runs while holding a racket.	A woman in black shorts and a white top playing tennis.	
A group of man riding a skateboard down a street.	A man on a skateboard about to do a trick.	A young man in a park on a skateboard	A MAN IS ON HIS SKATE BOARD IN THE PARK 	A man is on his skateboard in a park setting.	
A bear that is laying down in the dirt.	A bear seems to be trying to hide under the log. 	A bear rests its head on a fallen tree.	A bear hides behind a dead log and peers over it.	A bear laying behind a big tree trunk	
a women that is sitting on a brick wall with a cell phone	A young girl sitting on the sidewalk using her phone.	A woman sitting on top of a brick wall looking at a phone.	A woman sitting on a brick wall using a cell phone.	there is a woman that is sitting and using her phone 	
A cake made to look like a baseball hat.	A blue cap is kept on bed along with other things.	A decorated cake and a baseball cap on display on a table.	Black baseball caps sits on red leather cover. 	a hat on a table near a cake 	
A large renaissance type building includes a clock tower and upper balcony.	The tall tower of the building has a clock displayed. 	A large building with a clock on a tower.	A tall, grey building has clocks at the top of a tower.	Large grey colored tower with several clock faces.	
A young woman gets ready to serve the ball.	The woman is playing tennis with a racquet.	A tennis player lines her racket up to hit the ball.	A woman is holding a tennis racquet preparing to serve the ball.	A female tennis player swinging at a tennis ball.	
a person laying in bed with medicine on the night stand 	The man is lying in bed with a thermometer in his mouth.	A man laying down in a hospital bed next to bottles of medicine.	The man is laying in bed taking his temperature.	A man lays in bed with a thermometer sticking out of his mouth, and medicine on the night stand next to his bed.	
tree is a female tennis player that is playing on the court 	A woman holding her tennis racket in her hands	A woman hitting a tennis ball with a racquet.	a lady that is playing tennis with a racket	A woman looks carefully as she smacks the tennis ball.	
A kitchen with several appliances sitting near a refrigerator.	This kitchen has a white tile back splash, white cabinets, and a white refrigerator.	A small kitchen with stove, fridge and microwave	A kitchen with drawers, refrigerator, cabinets and a stove in it.	a stove refrigerator and microwave in the kitchen 	
A stove top with lots of pots and pans.	a stove that has some pans on it	Kitchen with wok and prepared food on counter top. 	An assortment of pans and bowls of food in a kitchen.	a couple of pans and bowls on a table	
A busy bus station with ramp going downstairs.	A woman walking a bike down a walkway in a  train station.	Adult with bicycle on ramp of commuter railway platform.	Many people are waiting for a bus at the bus terminal.	A bunch of people in a building doing different things	
a teddy bear next to a picture of a woman	A fluffy teddy bear next to a hair product ad	A woman with a bear in a photo with a sign. 	a woman a sign and a tan teddy bear	A teddy bear posing next to a magazine model.	
a person riding a horse jumping over an obstacle 	Horse and rider jumping rails during outdoor event.	Man jumping a horse over a competitive horse jumping run.	A man riding on the back of a brown horse.	an esquestrian obsticle designed to look like a zebra	
A little boy wearing a baseball hat holding a baseball bat.	A young boy swings a plastic bat while wearing a large helmet.	A young child in a khaki pants and a hitting helmet, holding a small baseball bat while standing in the grass.	A small boy holding a bat with a hat pulled over his face.	A boy with a bat has a batting helmet pulled over his face.	
Someone is going thumbs-up to a fresh chocolate cake. 	A layered chocolate cake with decoration on top.	Homemade cake with icing and flower on top with a thumbs up.	a person giving the thumbs up sign besides a tall chocolate frosted cake on a glass dish	A large chocolate cake and a hand giving the "thumbs up" gesture. 	
Apples and oranges sitting next to each other on a shelf.	A shelf full of green apples and oranges 	Granny smith apples and naval oranges on a rack. 	There are oranges and apples in a fridge shelf	Green apples and oranges are in a plastic tray.	
Three people are at a kitchen bar using their laptops.	Three people are looking at their laptops which are on top of a counter.	A group of people working on lap top computers.	The three members of the family are all on their laptops. 	Everyone in the family has to have his own computer.	
A group of people horse back riding on a sandy beach.	Group of people riding horses on the side of the beach. 	A group of people riding on horses on a beach 	Four people riding horses next to the water on a beach	A group of people on horses walk along the beach.	
a man and a woman sitting on a bench in front of a building	An elderly couple sits at the end of a cement bench.	An older couple sits on a bench and looks at art displayed in a market stall.	Sepia photograph of man and woman sitting on concrete bench.	a man and woman are sitting on a bench and some drawings	
Men on phones standing in white room with lights	some people and one male is looking at his cellphone	Guy with cap on and cup in hand shows another whats on the phone.	A pair of people stand and talk and play on a phone.	A man in a red at is standing next to a man with long hair.	
An elephant and baby stand next to each other.	There are some elephants standing in an enclosure	An adult and baby elephant standing next to a wall of rock.	two elephants in captivity with trees in the background	A small young elephant stands under its mother.	
A huge crowd of young people has girls taking pictures.	A crowd of Asian children some  taking pictures.	A group of children in a crowded field taking pictures.	A large crowd of students milling about with three of them posing for a picture taken by a friend with her phone	Bunch of children outside taking pictures and talking.	
A bathroom with a shower curtain that has four palm trees on it and a white tile floor.	This is a bathroom with a toilet, counter and shower.	A bathroom with a white shower curtain that has four trees on it	A clean bathroom has a shower curtain with palm trees on it.	A palm tree shower curtain is shown in a small bathroom.	
The stoves inside of a pizza place's kitchen with pizza boxed on a shelf. 	pizza ovens with  a bunch of pizza boxes up top	a lot of pizza boxes above a double oven 	A couple of toaster ovens sitting next to each other.	Ovens in  a kitchen and a number of packed items	
A stuffed toy dog sits and looks upright.	Cloth sewed style teddy bear sat on a surface.	A small teddy bear sits with its face in focus	The stuffed bear is sitting on a purple surface.	A purple jointed stuffed teddy bear toy on a purple sheet	
two tennis players on the court being watched by spectators 	a man swinging a tennis racquet on a tennis court	two people on a tennis court playing tennis.	A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.	A man swinging his tennis racquet on a tennis court.	
A picture loaded with much wonderful sustenance on table.	Cheesy broccoli goes well with a rice dish.	a fork is laying on a red plate	A red plate topped with broccoli and white cauliflower.	A closeup image of a plate with broccoli and cheese and something white on it.	
a computer screen with a keyboard and mouse on a desk	A big computer table with computer, keyboard,mouse,speakers and laptop.	There is the job dude of a office with desk	There's a computer monitor on a desk with speakers around it	A computer set up on a wooden desk.	
Ice explorer bus on a road near mountains.	This is a Canadian sightseeing bus with a maple leaf advertising on the 	An all-terrain bus for sight-seeing tourists near a glacier.	A bus travels down the road next to a mountain.	One woman standing behind large specialized bus in mountains by glacier.	
A young boy is doing a trick on a skateboard.	A guy on a skate board high in the air.	A man that is on a skateboard in the air.	A boy practicing his jumps on his skate board.	A person on a skateboard does an air trick.	
Light breaks through a cloudy day at the pier.	a landscape of water, cloudy sky and a ray of sun	A kite is flying over a waterway and under a dark sky.	Sun rays breaking through an overcast sky over a beach pier.	A photo of a jetty and a body of water.	
A group of people sitting at a table having food.	A group of Caucasians having an outdoor gathering.	A group of children and adults seated at a picnic table. 	a big group of people sit at some park benches 	A group of people sitting at a picnic table together.	
A skier is going down a snow covered hill.	A person skiing downhill in a light flurry	A down hill skier riding down a snow covered ski slope.	A person skiing down a mountain in the snow. 	person on skis and snow poles slides down snow	
A man cooking hot dogs and hamburgers on a grill.	A man cooking hot dogs and hamburger on a grill.	A gentleman placing hotdogs and hamburgers on a grill.	The man is putting food onto the grill.	Man in blue shirt and white visor cooking on a grill. 	
A piece of pizza sitting on top of a white plate.	A piece of pizza being served on a plate.	A slice of pizza on a plate with the word sbarro printed on it.	There is only on slice of pizza on that plate.	A tasty looking piece of pizza with meat toppings.	
A person bent over sleeping in a chair next to others.	A person that has fallen asleep with a book bag on their lap	A woman falling asleep next to a man, who are both sitting down.	A group of people sitting on top of a couch near a window.	A woman that has fallen asleep next to a man wearing a headset. 	
A Pokemon and Mickey Mouse standing next to a light pole.	The people are wearing costumes and selling items on the street.	We see two men in character costumes on the sidewalk.	Two people stand on the sidewalk dressed as cartoon characters.	A pair of people dressed up as Mickey and Pooh with balloons for animals	
Two people behind umbrellas stand facing a body of water.	2 people with umbrellas are observing the storm clouds over the lake. 	two people holding opened umbrellas near a body of water	Two people with umbrellas stand at the fence looking over the water.	Two people with umberellas standing on the river path.	
A close up of a stop sign on a public street.	A stop sign on a road with another stop sign in the background.	A stop sign is shown attached to a pole.	A stop sign with another one in the background	A stop sign stands at an intersection by a tree.	
A man getting ready to kick a soccer ball.	A man that is on a soccer field with a ball.	A man carrying a soccer ball down a field.	there is a man running on a field with a soccer ball	The soccer player is bringing back the ball into play.	
A man knees down on the side of a snow filled mountainside.	Two snowboarders riding down a hill in a snowy forest.	A man standing next to a snowboard in the snow.	A person is standing in the white snow.	A man sitting on his knees in the snow.	
a bear walking besides a pool and a tree	A bear walks around a man made pool	A bear walks in a zoo enclosure with toys nearby.	A bear walking around in a zoo exhibit.	A large bear walking around a zoo enclosure.	
A street sign on top of two one way arrow signs.	A light pole has four street signs at an intersection.	A street pole is loaded with different signs.	a group of street signs on a pole next to some trees	Several street signs hand on a pole as a brick building stands in the back ground near some trees.	
With their legs up on the furniture and the tv on, they sat in a living room setting of a house.	SOMEONE HAS THERE FOOT ON THE COFFEE TABLE WHILE WATCHING TV	the person takes a photo of their dimmely lit living room and tv	Someone has their feet on a table with a television on in front of them.	A person sitting down with their foot on the coffee table.	
A bird is perched on the twig of a tree. 	a small bird with brown feathers sitting on a branch next to a green leaf	A bird sitting on a tree branch and looking intently.	a small bird on a branch in a tree	A bird is sitting on a tree branch spreading its tail-feathers.	
A man and woman dragging surf boards through the water	Two people carry surfboards while walking through the ocean.	Man and woman surfers in wet suits, dragging their boards, onshore.	Two surfers walk through the surf in the ocean.	two people with surf boards on a beach 	
Two young boys playing disc golf in a grassy area. 	Two young men holding frisbees in a field	Two boys are outside in the sun waiting.	These two people are getting ready to play Frisbee outside. 	two guys standing next to each other as they hold onto frisbees 	
Parallel parking between the meters on a city street.	A car parked on the street by a parking meter.	A car is parked next to a parking meter.	This is a car parked in front of a parking meter.	Multiple vehicles parked curbside next to parking meters.	
Two bikers riding their bikes on the road stopped in front of the line. 	Two motorcyclists sit on their bikes, side by side in traffic.	Two motorcycle riders talking on the side of the road. 	Two men that are sitting on motorcycles in the street.	Two men are sitting at an intersection on motorcycles.	
A man swinging a tennis racquet on top of a tennis court.	a man is on the court playing tennis outside	A man that is holding a racquet standing in the dirt.	A man serves the ball during a clay-court tennis match.	a man that is jumping with a racket in hand	
A white bath tub sitting under a window.	A bathroom scene with a dirty tub, toilet and sink.	An old and run down bathroom with dark red accent colors.	A very dirty looking rest room with poor lighting.	A bathtub is filled with junk in a dirty bathroom.	
A group of men standing next to each other.	a bunch of men are standing near a display	A group of people who are standing together.	some men wearing ties and suits and some posters 	four men in suits talking near robot model 	
A couple of cars on a city street.	A couple of cars driving down a street next to a truck.	A street scene with vehicles after a rain 	Three men are walking near passing trucks and cars.	Men in white outfits are near very old cars.	
The trolley is picking up passengers along the road.	A trolley stopped at a curb across from a lawn with flowers.	A trolley stops at a stop to let passengers board	A small colorful bus stopped at the side of a road.	a red yellow and green bus some flowers and some trees	
The room is filled with remarkable items well suited.	A bed and a bathroom through a glass door can be seen	A hotel room with a bathroom with glass walls.	a mirror and a bed in a small room	a bathroom with a clear door leading to the bedroom 	
A brown bear walking down a grass covered hillside.	A small brown  animal walking across the grass	an animal is seen walking across grass alone	an image of a bear walking on grassland 	A brown furry mammal walks on bare ground.	
A man in a suit tossing a frisbee	A young man participates in a Frisbee game.	Two men one getting ready to throw a freebie. 	A man throwing a white frisbee in a tree covered park.	This is an image of a man trowing a frisbee.	
A blue train traveling along a very long bridge.	A train is on rails over the ocean by a pier.	A photo of a train traveling over a body of water.	a train on a train track on a pier 	A travel train that is coming across a long bridge.	
a toilet a shower a sink and a white cabinet	a bathroom with a washer and dryer next to it	A toilet next to a standalone shower and a sink.	The view of a restroom with a toilet and washer and dryer combo.	A bathroom with a toilet, sink, washer, dryer and a shower stall.	
a person in orange is standing in skies 	A skier in black and orange gear standing on a slope.	A person on skis on a snow slope.	A man in orange is on a snow board.	A man riding skis on a snow covered ski slope.	
A group of people on horses on a field.	Four people are riding show horses at track.	A group of people in yellow shirts on horses.	Equestrian riders on grassy field during outdoor event.	Women and men racers riding on back of horses	
Traffic lights next to traffic signs on a bridge.	A bunch of signs in highland park. Both light are red.	a lot of street signs and traffic lights with a sky background	A train track area is full of lights and signs.	an image filled with various street signs and stop signs	
Men standing and one pointing to an object on a street.	Two men with beards and in black vests and wearing black hats looking at something while a man near them points.	These gentlemen are looking at something of great interest to them.	Men dressed in black and white stand in a group of people and one man wears a hat and holds his cell phone.	The Jewish men are waiting on the street together. 	
A person on a board in the water.	A MALE OR FEMALE DOING A WATER SPORT IN THE RIVER.	A person on a surfboard  being pulled by something	A young person having fun wind surfing in a small lake.	A person on a board riding on a river	
A newly married couple cutting up a  giant hot dog cake.	a nice couple cutting the cake besides many people	A bride and groom standing next to a table cutting their cake.	a newly married couple cutting their wedding cake	A bride and groom cut their wedding cake as others look on.	
Red and yellow fire hydrant with the lid off.	A fire hydrant along the sidewalk has its cap off.	A red and yellow fire hydrant with the lid taken off.	A red fireplug has one cap removed that is connected on a chain.	A red fire hydrant sitting on a sidewalk with it's cap off.	
a plane on an air port run way	A small airliner proceeds down the runway on takeoff.	A commercial Jet is on the runway of an airfield.	A large airplane is taking off on the runway. 	A plane taxis down the runway for takeoff.	
A group of people riding on top of a ski lift.	A group of people wave while riding a ski lift.	a bunch of people are on a ski lift	people flying very high and waving their hands	A group of people in ski gear ride on a ski lift.	
A street sign is posted to watch for senior citizens.	A yellow street sign warns to watch for senior citizens.	a close up of a street sign with a sky background	a black and yellow sign and a red and white sign	A sign that reads "WATCH FOR SENIOR CITIZENS" sits on a pole on a residential street	
a close up of a young baseball player fielding a baseball	A person in a baseball uniform about to catch a flying baseball.	A young boy is leaning over to catch a baseball at a game.	A boy trying to catch a baseball with his mitt.	A black and white photograph of a baseball player about to catch a ball. 	
A bathroom door is opened by a toilet.	A picture of a toilet with the door cracked open	a small bathroom with some kind of little toliet in it	A small bathroom with the door half open leading to a toilet.	A white toilet in a houses small bathroom	
A couple sharing an umbrella on a rainy day.	People walking under an umbrella in a cobblestone plaza. 	There are people under an umbrella and not under an umbrella  walking in the square.	People walk in a city square on a rainy day.	A man and woman walking under and umbrella near other people in a plaza.	
A dog is posted by the window with his reflection in a mirror.	A dog looks out of a window and its reflection shows in a small mirror.	a dog looking out a window with it's reflection in the mirror	A top stands on a windowsill looking outside while his face is reflected in plate nearby.	A dog looking out of a second story window next to a mirror.	
A woman is posing for a picture on the snowy mountain.	A woman smiling with glasses on standing in the snow with two poles.	A woman on skis in front of people on a slope.	A woman in a black jacket with skis on a slope.	A woman stands on skis on a snowy hill.	
Many posters are placed on a wall near a busy street.	People are holding signs, maybe protesting, next to traffic. 	a street sign on a busy city street	a crowded street filled with people and their signs	People holding signs on a one way street.	
A person is sitting at a keyboard near a microphone.	A man with a beard playing a keyboard on stage.	A man with a beard at sound board in front of microphone.	Frizzy haired guy standing at a keyboard listening to the music.	A bearded man onstage playing an electronic keyboard.	
A woman walking down the sidewalk at night in a city	A woman that is standing on a sidewalk.	A women who is walking down the street at night.	a woman walking beside a brightly lit window	A girl walking on the sidewalk at night.	
A girl laying in a hospital bed, a bandage on her arm.	a close up of a young person in a bed	A little girl laying in bed while yawning.	young girl wearing a lime green outfit laying on a hospital bed	A child laying down on a bed in a room.	
A try with a banana and two oranges visible on it	Banana and oranges on a lunch try next to bowls.	a white tray with a banana and two tangerines and a plate and bowl	A banana sits by two oranges, a bowl and a white plate on a white tray.	a banana and two oranges sit on a tray next to a bowl and a plate	
Bananas in a saucepan cooking in simmering caramel.	A shiny metal pan filled with some bananas and brown sauce.	a pan that has some bananas in a pan	A bunch of sliced bananas in a plate full of liquid	A pan filled with bananas cooking on a sauce.	
A hotel room with a large bed and a tv	A room with a large bed, television, dresser and glass doors leading to a balcony. 	A hotel room with king bed and a TV on a dresser.	A bedroom with a balcony, a bed and a flat screen television. 	A bedroom with a balcony in a hotel	
A black cat standing over a glass bowl.	A black and white cat sitting on top of a table.	A cat sitting in front of his food bowl looking at the camera.	A black and white defensively looking up by its bowl.	A black and white cat eating from a ceramic bowl.	
A black and white cat sleeping in a pot with a leaf less tree.	The black and white is in a planter next to a tree.	A cat rests in a planter with a tree.	A black and white cat sleeping in a pot	A cat curled up next to a tree planted in a planter.	
A man holding a baseball bat as another gives signs.	Several baseball players playing a game of baseball in a big league arena.	A baseball game with a baseball player at bat and a catcher and umpire behind home plate.	A baseball players playing baseball in front of a crowd. 	A batter, catcher and umpire in a baseball game.	
Two trains that are on the rails near a station.	a yellow train pulling up to a black train	a yellow train is coming down some tracks	a silver train with an orange front is moving on the track 	A subway train parked next to another one at a station.	
A group of men standing near parked motorcycles	people walking near many parked motorcycles in a lot	Lots of motorcycles and people out on the street.	A view of a bunch of motorcycles outside a house.	Several people on a street standing next to various motorcycles	
A Fed Ex delivery truck driving head on into an SUV.	A FedEx truck is parked in front of an oncoming car.	Delivery truck waiting at traffic light behind car. 	A Fed Ex truck is headed up a hill in California.	A FedEx truck waits at the bottom of a San Francisco hill.	
A couple of laptop computers sitting on top of a desk.	A home work station with two laptop computers on it.	Two lap tops set up on a desk in front of a decorated wall.	A computer desk with laptops on it with many photos on the wall behind it .	A desk scene with two laptops and pictures on the wall.	
A white bowl filled with pasta on a plate with vegetables.	a platter with a bowl of pasta and vegetables sitting on the side on a piece of cloth	A lunch that includes pasta, carrots and broccoli.	a small bowl of some kind of noodles	A plate of vegetables and pasta are in a bowl.	
A cat is lying on a computer desk beside the keyboard.	A cat lies between a computer monitor and keyboard.	A cat that is laying down in front of a computer on a keyboard.	A black and white cat lays near a keyboard on a desk.	A black cat in between a keyboard and computer.	
A traffic light hanging over a street next to tall buildings.	A street light in a city setting next to high rise buildings.	a sun setting over a large city and buildings	A view of buildings and a street light as the sun sets. 	The sun shines on the side of many tall buildings.	
A man driving a horse drawn carriage down the side of a road.	The man is driving a horse drawn carriage down the road.	The bicyclist has pulled far to the left as the horse and wagon passes.	a lady on a bike and people riding a horse carriage	The walkway is full of bicyclists and horseback riders.	
a group of people with umbrellas walk on a side walk 	a number of people walking on a city street holding umbrellas	People are walking on a rainy street with umbrellas.	A city street with traffic and pedestrians holding umbrellas. 	People walking in the rain in a busy city.	
A person on a surf board riding a wave.	A surfer in a wetsuit, surfing in the barrel of a wave that is crashing behind him.	A person riding a wave on top of a surfboard.	A man being swalled by a wave while surfing in the water. 	A surfer surfing the pipeline in the ocean	
A small yellow car parked between two large yellow trucks.	A very small yellow car parked between two large yellow trucks.	Two yellow trucks and and small yellow car on a street. 	A small yellow car parked between two moving trucks.	a yellow car in between two yellow trucks	
A plane parked on the runway in the distance	the sun is shining brightly on the plane in the distance	A commercial plane on a runway just underneath the bright sun.	The sun shines brightly as an airliner drives down a runway.	Airplane on the runway with the sun reflecting down.	
a neatly made bed in a bedroom iwth a window	A bed with white sheets and tan blanket 	A bedroom with a bed that has white covers	A made bed next to window in a brown toned room.	There is one bed and a window in the room.	
There are people that are flying kites in the air	a man and little girl that is flying a kite	A guy holds a colorful kite and a girl walks next to him on the beach.	Are they on the beach to fly their big kite?	The man and the girl are flying a kite at the beach.	
A woman playing tennis on a grass court	Tennis player shows off back hand swing at match	a girl on a tennis court holding onto a racket	A young lady is in the middle of a tennis shot. 	A tennis player has her racket fully extended across her body.	
A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.	A computer keyboard on a wood topped desk.	An out of focus picture of a computer keyboard.	The computer keyboard is sitting on the table.	a keyboard is laying on a wood desk	
a road that has some snow all around it	There is a street sign on a pole on the side of a snowy highway.	A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a road.	A fire hydrant and sign buried in the snow.  	A road signage giving directions on a road covered with snow	
A donut on a plate in the microwave	A doughnut that has been placed in a microwave.	A donut on a plate in a microwave oven.	A stainless steel microwave with a donut on a plate inside.	A doughnut on a plate in a microwave on a counter.	
Three baseball players getting their picture taken by a man.	The baseball players are posing for a picture.	Baseball players are posing for a picture on the field.	A group of baseball players poses for a photographer.	Several baseball players pose for their photo to be taken.	
A glass vase with flowers on a table 	a close up of a cup on a table with a flower	Flowers inside a vase on top of a counter.	The sun shining through the window emphasizes the flower stems in the vase.	An item is capture here in the photo. 	
some skateboarders doing tricks and people watching them	Boys skateboarding over a rusty car onto platforms, with an audience watching.	A group of kids doing stunts at a skating event 	Skateboarders are doing tricks as a crowd watches.	A group of teens performing stunts at a skateboard park.	
Large sandwich sitting on white plate with other food on table. 	A grilled ham and cheese is stacked on a plate, accompanied by a cup of coffee.	A white plate topped with sandwiches next to a fork.	A grilled ham and cheese sandwich with egg on a plate.	A breakfast plate with ham and cheese on toast 	
A table with portable cook stove  and other objects on it.	A wooden table topped with lots of different kinds of junk.	A cluttered outdoor table with a cookstove dishes and food.	a table with many items on it like cups and eggs	A very scattered table with many different objects. 	
Three urinals in a row in a bathroom.	A set of three urinals mounted to a bathroom wall.	A bathroom with three urinals and a tiled wall. 	there are three urinals hanging on the wall in a public bathroom	Three urinals in a men's public bathroom stall.	
A tagged cow and a calf lying in a field.	A black cow and a brown calf laying together on some grass	A cow with a tag on its ear lying down next to a baby cow.	A large black cow laying next to a  small brown cow.	A cow and calf sitting on the ground.	
A group of planes sitting on a runway, in the day.	An outside view of airplanes and buildings at an airport.	A view of three plane tails on an airport tarmac	The various airplanes are waiting for repairs at the terminals.	An airport with several planes at gates and trucks on the tarmac.	
A green apple on a wooden cutting board next to peeler.	A peeled apple with peels sits on the cutting board with the peeler.  	An apple, peeler, peel and seeds on a wooden cutting board.  	A peeled apple is sitting on the cutting board with a peeler.	Cleaned apple sitting next to apple peel and peeler.	
Two traffic lights showing red on a pole with a camera. 	some red traffic lights a camera and telephone poles	A traffic camera between two traffic lights that are red.	A long metal arm with two red traffic lights and a traffic camera	Two stop lights hang next to each other at twilight.	
A herd of sheep that are grazing on some grass.	 couple of sheep are on the other side of the fence	The sheep are in a field behind a fence near a large poster.	A bunch of animals that are standing in the grass.	A lush green field full of grazing sheep.	
The baby lamb is standing on green grass.	A small lamb standing in a green pasture. 	a small sheep in a field of grass 	A single sheep standing in a grass field.	A baby lamb is standing alone in grass	
A group of people riding up a ski lift.	A ski lift full of skiers going up a mountain.	Four people going up a hill in a ski lift.	Several people are riding a ski slope seats.	A group of people who are riding a ski lift to the top of a hill.	
A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.	A male skier heading down a steep ski slope.	Man crouched down on skis on a sunny, snowy mountain	A man skiing on a snowy slope with poles.	A man is skiing down hill in the snow. 	
a computer desk with a laptop another monitor with a keyboard and mouse	Three different computer monitors are cluttered on one desk.	a computer desk with monitors and other electronics covering it	Three monitors sit on a small and mess covered desk.	A desk area with several computer screens and coffee mugs.	
A laptop computer opened on a desk with a screensaver	A laptop and a computer are on a table.	A lap top open with a blue spiral desktop.	A laptop has a picture of a blue swirl on the screen.	A laptop and a computer on a desk. 	
A large building with a clock at the top of it .	A building with a clock built into it. 	A grey clock tower above building with sky in the background.	a clock tower behind a building with a sky background	There is a clock on the side of a clock tower	
An old man smiling while sitting on a bench.	A man sitting on a bench wearing a suit.	A man sitting on a park bench in the sun 	a man sitting on a bench by the grass and trees 	A man sitting on a park bench in a black outfit.	
A lunch tray features hot dogs and fries with a drink. 	a close up of a tray of food with hot dogs	A green tray filled with two hot dogs and fries.	A tray containing a drink, two hot dogs, and fries.  	A green tray of food with hotdogs, french fries and a drink.	
A woman with an umbrella hat talks on her cell phone. 	The lady on the phone is wearing an umbrella hat.	A woman with an umbrella hat holds a cellphone up to her ear.	A woman with an umbrella hat on talking on a cell phone.	the woman is wearing and umbrella hat and on her phone. 	
A polar bear swimming through water in a zoo. 	A bear is swimming near a rock in the middle of the afternoon.	A young polar bear swims through icy waters.	The animal is swimming in the water on its back.	A polar bear swimming in an enclosure, with fake ice.	
A backpack next to a television and a gaming system.	A backpack sits on the floor beside a television with a YouTube sticker on the screen.	The older tv is sitting next to the baby seat.	A backpack sits next to an older-model television that has the "YouTube" logo attached to the screen.	A baby car seat and a tv set on the floor.	
Two people sitting on a bench while a dog looks at them.	two people sitting on a bench some grass  and a dog	A dog looking the same direction as two females sitting on a park bench facing a body of water.	two lady's sitting on a bench and a dog standing beside them	Two girls are sitting on a bench with adog standing besides them.	
A young man riding a bike through a trail in the woods.	Guy wearing outdoor gear and riding a bike in a forest area. 	A man trail bike riding in a wooded area along a marked path	A person riding their mountain bike off road.	A man is riding a motorbike in a thick forest. 	
Several condiments on a tray in a kitchen.	Multiple signs hanging over a shelf containing random kitchen items.	There are multiple signs hanging from a kitchen wall	A kitchen counter top with lots of different things on top of it.	Several plaques with sayings over crowded counter top.	
A shirtless man in a hat making luch	Man wearing a white hat standing by a table with a table in his hand.	A man wearing a woman's sun hat standing in a kitchen.	The guy is dressed up in his girlfriends hat.	A man standing in a kitchen without wearing a shirt.	
A young boy eating a doughnut with sprinkles at a table.	Young boy eating a big donut in a restaurant.	A boy eating a sprinkled donut in a classroom.	A boy in blue shirt eating a donut covered in sprinkles.	a kid in a classroom eating a donut	
A guy sitting at a dining table with some tasty looking food.	A man is eating food at a table	A man is getting ready to begin eating	A man seated at a table in a restaurant, with a pizza in front of him that has various toppings.	A man at a restaurant table getting a slice of pizza. 	
some zebras are standing on a green hill and rocks	Zebras grazing on a grassy and rocky slope.	a close up of three zebras on a field with trees in the background	Three large black and white zebras are grazing in a field. 	there are three zebras standing together in the wild	
A snowboarder is heading down a snowy slope.	Skier in black ski suit going down the bunny slope.	A guy wearing a black snowsuit snowboarding down a hill.	A snowboarder ends his maneuver at the bottom of the slope.	A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.	
a man in a kitchen cutting lettuce with a knife	A man wearing gloves and an apron cuts onions.	A man preparing food inside of a professional kitchen.	A man is cutting food on a table.	A man with a black hat and apron preparing food in a kitchen area.	
A  large air plane flying in the blue sky.	A plane is flying in the air against a blue sky.	A plane is flying in the blue sky.	Large white jet airplane flying through clear blue skies. 	A jumbo jet plane flying through a cloudless blue sky.	
A pole that has a clock on top of it.	A clock mounted on an outdoor post with Roman numerals.	a clock on a pole saying it is 12:45	An ornamental standing clock is at the foreground of a row of houses.  	A black and gold clock on a pole in front of a building.	
A cat sitting by a window watching the rain. 	a close up of a cat on a window sill looking out the window	A cat sitting in a window watching the rain drip on the window glass.	Young kitten along windowpane watching the rain tap on the glass.	A cat sitting on a sill looking out a window.	
A giraffe is standing outside in the woods.	A giraffe stands in front of many green trees.	A giraffe sticking his head out from high in the trees.	Giraffe head by the trees during the day.	A giraffe standing next to a tree in a forest.	
Giraffe with its head over a rail at a zoo enclosure.	Large giraffe leaning over a rail looking at a tree.	A giraffe is standing in the grass leaning over a fence.	Two giraffes on a sanctuary surrounded by trees	some giraffes in their pen some tires bushes and trees	
a woman throwing a frisbee in a green field.	A woman on the grass is playing frisbee.	A woman throws a frisbee while at the park.	A woman just threw a flying disc in the field.	A woman in the park throwing a Frisbee across the field	
A bathroom with two sinks and two mirrors.	A bathroom with a double sink and oval mirrors	REFLECTION OF HAND TOWEL IN MIRROR IN A BATHROOM	A bathroom with a double vanity and round mirror.	A large black mirror hanging over a sink.	
A kitchen with marble counter tops has wooden cabinets and many appliances.	Marble counter top in kitchen around oven and sink	a kitchen with a brown marble counter top	A kitchen with marble counter tops covered in appliances.	this kitchen has granite counter tops and many appliances	
A white teddy bear wearing different buttons hanging in a closet.	a room with clothing hanging from a door and teddy pair attached to a post	A teddy bear hanging next to shirts 	A teddy bear hanging on a pole near clothes hanging on a hanger. 	A stuffed animal with colorful decorations on it and clothes hanging on a wall.	
There are some female athletes playing frisbee together	A couple of  young girls playing a game of frisbee.	A group of girls celebrating  as they leave the field	A woman in a black jersey catching a frisbee mid air.	Teen girls celebrate on the field during a soccer game.	
A group of men on a field playing baseball.	Some baseball players are watching a game being played.	A view of a baseball player in a game.	A baseball player holding a bat on a field.	there is a baseball game going on at a stadium	
A woman standing next to a child holding a cell phone.	A woman showing a child her cell phone.	A woman showing a child something on a cell phone.	A woman and child are looking at a phone.	She is showing the child something on her phone.	
Two young girls on skateboards with a beagle in the front.	There are two people standing near a skateboard and a dog.	Two girls on skateboards are looking toward a skateboard that does not have a rider.	A teenage girl and boy skateboarding beside an old building.	A teen boy and teen girl standing on skateboards in front of a stone brick wall.	
A very beautiful woman wearing a black hat, black shirt and tie.	a girl dressed in black hat gloves and clothes	A young woman is dressed in gothic clothing. 	a lady wearing black in a club and black hat	Blond haired woman wearing a black top hat.	
A group of people riding on a bush.	People sitting inside a bus driving on the road. 	A bus traveling down the street, during the day.	a bus with not that many passengers in it 	there are many people that are sitting on this bus	
Many people are sitting on two benches next to a light pole.	a number of people sitting on benches 	Several people who are sitting on some benches.	A group if people that are sitting on a park bench. 	A group of women sitting on a bench near a light pole.	
A skier makes a jump on a very steep hill.	A person wearing a red snow suit skiing down a steep slope.	a person in skis rides down a snowy hill 	A MAN IN A RED SKI SUIT DOING A JUMP IN THE SNOW 	A person with a backpack and snow suit, jumping from a high snow powdered cliff and in the air.	
A building engulfed of flames sitting on the side of  a street.	An empty street has a street light and traffic lights on it.	Street lights in the middle of a street	An empty street is shown with the glow of headlights.	A fire effect has been superimposed on a city street scene.	
A flag waving in the breeze atop a clock tower.	A large clock tower has a flag on top.	A picture of a building with a clock in it.	Large tower with a clock on top and a flag at the peak.	A tall clock tower with a flag on top.	
A man standing on his snowboard  by the woods,	a snowboarder in a blue jacket standing in the snow	A young man standing on top of a snow board in the snow.	A young man with a winter coat and hat is standing on his snow board.	A man on a snowboard posing for a picture. 	
A man with an umbrella walking in the rain	A man is holding an umbrella and walking down the sidewalk in the rain.	A man walks down the street holding an umbrella.	A man walking down a city street holding a yellow and white umbrella.	A man white and yellow umbrella walking in the rain.	
Three zebra stand close together in tall grass.	Two adult zebras and a baby zebra standing in a field of grass.	A trio of zebras stand in the lush savanna.	a close up of three zebras on a hill with mountains in the background	A baby zebra eating grass with its parents in a field.	
An empty boat in the water near a tree	The edge of a boat sitting in a body of water.	An empty row boat sitting in the water	The inside bow section of a narrow metal boat floating on blue-green water. 	A boat is on calm water by a tree.	
Person holding up food on a stick of good to a dog. 	A person sitting in front a dog holding something in their hand.	A person with a toothbrush trying to brush a dogs teeth.	A man sitting down while brushing his dogs teeth.	Someone tries to attach a ribbon to the dog collar.	
A tall clock tower with a massive clock on each of it's sides.	A four sided clock sits on the tower 	The sun is shining off of one of the two clocks on the tower. 	A clock tower at 2:10 with a steeple behind a tree.	A large clock tower with Roman Numerals and a lightning rod.	
A person cutting a multi layer cake with a knife.	A man and woman making a cut unto a cake	A person reaching out and cutting a cake.	The hands of a couple that is cutting a wedding cake.	A couple at a wedding cutting their wedding cake together.	
a man in a cop uniform while holding a red and white umbrella and standing on a pole 	a man dressed in riot gear wearing a face mask and holding a red and white umbrella 	a statue of a man as he holds an umbrella 	A man in a costume is holding a red and white umbrella.	A man with an oxygen mask on his face, holding an umbrella.	
A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.	Man standing on large sized snow board sliding down mountain side.	A person in the snow jumping in the air.	A man snowboarding on the snow outside during the day.	A snowboarder performing a jump off of a hill.	
The two images show a dining table and a lamp on another table near a door. 	a table with chairs near a window 	Ding room and living room area inside a home.	A couple of photos showing two different rooms.	A dining table sits with a table cloth, near bright, open windows.	
Parachutes fly through the sky above the ocean. 	Two people with para sails at the beach with a drift fence.	Two parachutes are deployed over the sunny beach	A wooden fence leaning over on a beach while people fly kites	people wave sailing with a parachute at the beach	
A computer mouse is beside a notebook computer.	 A laptop with a mouse and a keyboard connected. 	A notebook computer is set on a table.	A computer mouse sitting on top of a computer desk.	a laptop with a mouse connected to it 	
There is a truck full of people in front of a building. 	An old building has asian writing on it.	An old truck parked next to an Asian building	An image of a Eastern town with a parked van outside 	A building on a street corner is in disrepair.	
The kitchen area of a RV with the window open.	A microwave sits above a stove built into the cabinets.	A photograph of a microwave and cabinets in an RV. 	Extension cord going through kitchen window of trailer.	A close shot of a microwave placed on the wooden cabinets. 	
A biker with a helmet on is standing behind two motorcycles.	A man in a helmet is standing beside two parked motorcyced	A guy with a helmet on stands next to a motorcycle.	A man is standing next to  two motorcycles.	A picture of a person in leather and helmet standing behind two motorcycles.	
Snowboard stuck in a thick collection of trees. 	A snow board sticking out of the side of a tree.	SKATE BOARDER CRASHED INTO THE TREES JUMPING OVER A FENCE	a close up of a snow board in a bush	Snowboard atop of wooden structure next to evergreen plant.	
Two men are playing tennis on a tennis court.	A man hitting a tennis ball with a tennis racquet.	Two men on a tennis court playing a game of tennis.	Two men are playing a tennis game on a court	The man in red and white outfit swings hits the tennis ball with the racquet.	
A brown dog pulling on a hand holding a frisbee.	An owner plays tug-of-war with their Golden Retriever	A person wrestles over a frisbee with a dog. 	A person playing tug of war with a dog and a frisbee. 	A dog pulls on one end of a frisbee why a person pulls on the other side.	
a tub toilet sink and medicine cabinet and door	The bathroom has a sink, toilet and shower in it. 	A bathroom with a toilet, sink, tub, shower head and cabinet.	There is a toilet and a bath tub that us in the room	a bath room with a toilet a bath tub and a sink	
The skier is racing down the snow covered slopes. 	A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.	A person on skis riding down a race course on a hill.	A competition skier advertising for Atomic races down a track.	Competitive snow skier in red, white and blue outfit.	
The people are on the beach enjoying the sun. 	Some people on a sandy beach with an umbrella.	an overhead view of people walking on a beach	There is a white beach umbrella with the master card logo	Two people walking on beach next to white umbrella.	
A sunset behind a hill with a bay of boats in the foreground.	The view of the water and mountain as the sun goes down	Small boats on water with setting sun behind distant hills.	A sun setting behind the mountains with a bunch of boats in the bay.	Many boats are floating in the water at sunrise.	
A man and child that have a kite.	Two people are playing with a kite on a beach.	A man and a woman flying a kite of a sandy beach.	The man and a young person are flying a kite on the beach. 	Man and child flying a colorful kite on the beach.	
Woman taking a selfie with her cell phone.	A beautiful woman wearing glasses while taking a selfie.	A woman who is taking a picture of herself. 	A woman using a phone to take a picture of herself.	A woman is taking a picture of herself in a mirror.	
A cat is playing in a plant on the side of a house.	an orange and white cat is climbing on a black pot	A tabby cat is climbing into a potted plant.	A cat climbing into a black planter with a plant in it.	An orange stripe cat walking into a potted plant.	
A white and red truck with chrome rims parked next to a building.	There is a red and white classic pick up truck parked on the street.	a classic red and white pickup truck parked on the street	An antique red and white pickup truck. 	A nice old white with red design truck parked.	
The bathroom is neatly decorated in a retro style.	A neat, organized bathroom with bathroom furniture and decor. 	A white sink and toilet in a room.	A clean bathroom with two towels on a towel rack.	bathroom with a toilet with the lid up	
A guitar on a bed in a room.	Guitar laying on top of a bed facing window. 	A guitar laying on a bed under a window.	a guitar that is laying on a large bed	An acoustic guitar is shown laying on a bed.	
a cat laying nestled up into a bowl with its head on top of a remote	A cat that is laying on a remote control. 	A cat with a controller is sleeping on a couch.	a black cat is lying its head on a controller	A black cat sleeps atop a remote control.	
A woman walking across a sandy beach with a surfboard.	A woman surfer walking along the beach sand.	A woman goes surfing but the day starts out foggy	a surfer walks on a beach in the sand and fog	A girl walking across the beach carrying her surfboard.	
A woman in a skirt and colorful shirt kneeling down on floral fabric.	Someone is wearing a skirt while sitting on their knees on a bed. 	The girl in a tan skirt is sitting on a bed.	a woman sitting on a bed with a black blanket with a floral design 	A girl is sitting on the bed posing for a picture.	
A very large teddy bar in the display window of a store.	Stuffed toy bears on display through window setting.	a store with a lot of bears in the windows called "Bear it in Mind"	The front wind of a shop, Bear it in Mind, with a bear display.	The front of a store that has a large teddy bear in the window.	
A man holding a glass of wine while wearing a camera around his neck.	The photographer is so happy he is enjoying a drink.	A man holding a wine glass with a camera hanging off his chest.	A man smiles while holding a wine glass	A man smiling and drinking wine with his camera on his neck.   	
a close up of a plate of pizza on a table	A pizza sitting on top of a table with a white plate and fork.	A table that has a pizza sitting on it.	A pizza on one plate and a fork/knife on another.	A thin crust pizza is next to a wrapped knife and fork on a plate.	
Stuffed teddy bears and an eagle on a bamboo wall hanging.	A wooden wreath with a stuffed penguin and bears sitting inside.	A homemade wreath with stuffed bears and a bird.	A holiday wreath with stuffed teddy bears and a penguin.	a stuffed animal decoration hanging on a wall	
A large black bird perched on top of a tree in a  forest.	A bear that is on a branch in a tree.	A black bear is peeking out of a hole in the tree. 	A baby black bear is up in a tree.	A bear sits in a hole inside of a large, green tree.	
A roast meat sandwich with a green sauce sits on a plate with something fried to the side. 	A grilled sandwich with cooked bananas on the side	an image of a sliced panini sandwich on a plate	A cut in half sandwich sitting on top of a white plate filled with meat.	Sandwich plate with a few vegetables sitting on a plate. 	
A glass dish filled with a banana split.	A banana split with a fruit topping and whip cream	A banana split with two cherries on whip cream.	A banana split is displayed in a dish.	A banana split with chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry ice cream.	
A young boy tries out skateboarding tricks on a road	A young boy determinedly rides a skate board	a small child wearing blue is riding a skateboard	A little kid is standing on a skateboard.	A young man riding a skateboard down a road.	
Zebras grazing in enclosed area, probably a zoo.  	two zebras next to a rock wall with a tree near by	Two zebras grazing for food on the ground 	Two zebras are eating in an enclosure together	A couple of zebra grazing on green grass.	
A woman sitting in front of a giant pizza.	The girl with glasses is eating a slice of pizza.	a very large pizza that is on some kind of pizza pan	a woman in a black jacket and a pizza 	A pizza with a slice missing is sitting on a pizza stand.	
A person standing in front of a plate of food.	Hands reaching for a small desert on a plate.	Two hands are touching a pastry in a plate.	A child is eating something on a flowered plate.	Young child about to pick up a pastry he has been eating.	
a couple of helicopters are in the sky	Three helicopters are flying through the clouded sky. 	There are three helicopters flying through the air.	a number of helicopters flying near one another 	A group of three helicopters flying under a cloudy guy.	
The people are sitting outside under a large umbrella.	a woman and man sit under what appears to be a large blue umbrella on a grassy lot 	Two people smile as they sit on coolers under a huge umbrella.	two people sitting in a field with open umbrellas 	A pair of friends sit beneath a massive blue umbrella.	
A table topped with plates and glasses with eating utensils..	a fork is laying on a small white plate	dirty dishes on a table, and a bottle of something.	a table top with some dishes on top of it 	A table full of dirty dishes is pictured in this image.	
People crossing a street in front of a taxi and tour bus.	A city street with people crossing in front of a taxi 	People crossing in a crosswalk in front of traffic in the city.	People are crossing the street in both directions.	People cross a crosswalk while a taxi and bus wait.	
A beautiful old steam locomotive in the railhouse	A steam engine train sits in a building.	a large train is pulled into a tunnel of brick	A black train parked next to a brick wall.	A large long train on a steel track.	
A group of people at a party, listening to a man talk.	Four people convesate around a table covered with wine bottles.	Two men and two women are drinking and engaged in conversation.	A group of people sitting at some tables.	A man expressing something as others listen and hold wine glasses.	
A batter swings at the ball during a baseball game	An organized baseball match between two teams with the batter swinging	A man swinging a baseball bat on a baseball field.	A baseball player after he had swung a bat.	A batter swings the bat as the crowd watches attentively.	
The young man are playing a game of soccer in the field. 	Two teams are playing soccer on the grass.	Soccer teams compete to keep the ball on their side	a couple of guys kicking  a soccer ball around	A group of young men playing a game of soccer.	
A man in the kitchen is doing his job. 	A person standing in a kitchen preparing food.	The food worker is standing in the kitchen.	A young person who is making some food in the kitchen.	A person standing in a large kitchen alone.	
A man sitting on a white chair on top of a tennis court.	A man wearing tennis gear sitting next to a tennis racket and a fan behind him.	The man is sitting down resting before his tennis match. 	A tennis player gesticulating as he sits on the sidelines.	A man sitting on the sidelines of a tennis court holding out is arms in a shrug	
A skier flying through the air on their skis while holding a ski pole.	Someone jumping off a jump with skis on.	A skier jumping in the air without ski's.	A skier leaping through the air over the snow.	A lady is trying to pull off a skiing trick in the winter. 	
A glass and bottle of wine next to cat statue and window.	A bottle and half a glass of red wine	A bottle of wine and red wine in a goblet near a cat statute.	A bottle of wine and a glass of wine.	A bottle of wine set next to a glass of wine.	
A man on a snowboard standing on a rail.	A young man is snowboarding down a rail	A person in a jacket riding a snowboard	A kid on a skate board riding a rail.	there is a male snowboarder going down a stair ramp	
A couple of women walking across a beach next to the ocean.	Two people at the beach carrying surf boards over their heads.	Few boys are bathing in the river while two of them are carrying surf boards to the river.	Two women surfers walking on the beach with surf boards on their heads 	Two people walking on the beach towards the ocean with surfboards on their heads. 	
A white toilet sitting next to a white bath tub.	A bathroom with tile floor and white fixtures	A white bathroom with a checked tile floor.	A white and black bathroom with tub and toilet.	A bathroom has a black and white tile floor and a dirty tub.	
Some young children are lined up by a tennis net.	A line of children on one side of a tennis net with a coach on the other side.	A tennis coach coaching on a tennis court for younger children. 	a man instructing five children how to play tennis	Children are listening to an instructor giving a tennis lesson. 	
A baby in a white crib sticking its hand through the bars. 	A baby's arm poking through the slats of a crib.	A hand of a baby coming through the side of a crib.	a small kids hand hangs out of a crib 	A small hand reaching toward the camera through some white bars	
Two people walking through  park holding umbrellas.	Two people walking under umbrellas in a park.	two people are wearing black and are carrying a black and a red umbrella	People under umbrellas in a park in the rain	two people holding umbrellas walk through a park	
Young man flying a kite over a grassy area by water.	A young girl flies a kite in the grass by the water.	A man is flying a kite in the middle of a field next to the ocean.	A person playing with a kite near the beach	A young woman flies a kite near a body of water.	
A fire hydrant and some cars on a street.	Fire hydrant and pylons on a city street corner.	fire hydrant on city street with several parked cars.	there is a fire hydrant surrounded by three metal poles	Cars are parked on the street next to an old fire hydrant.	
A young child wearing a paper yellow tie.	A boy with a paper tie sitting in a chair.	A young person is wearing a yellow tie that he made from construction paper and colored it with crayons.	 A small child is looking away and wearing a paper collar and tie.	A little boy is wearing a yellow paper tie.	
A large square shaped pizza covered in melted cheese and veggies.	A cheesy pizza with red peppers is in a box.	A cheesy casserole covered with toppings is depicted.	A meal from Japan or China on a tray.	A pizza with cheese and vegetables in a box.	
A line of chili peppers hanging in a kitchen.	A vine of red peppers hanging off a cabinet.	A room has a green window and cabinets.	A vine of chili peppers grows in a kitchen.	A string of peppers hanging from a basket.	
A BEAR CUB IS PLAYING WITH A LOG IN THE WATER	Here is an image of an outdoor place. 	A bear that is standing in the water on a log.	a bear standing near a log in the water 	A brown bear walking out of a lake on top of a log.	
A table topped with donuts and a cup of coffee.	A cup and trio of glazed donuts sit on a table in front of other donuts on display. 	Three donuts are on paper next to a coffee cup.	Donuts sitting on the side of large donut display. 	three donuts and a cup and some donuts in the background	
A small elephant walking across a dry grass field.	The adult elephant with long tusks is walking through tall grass.	An elephant strides through brown grass and trees.	An elephant walks past trees in a dry, grassy area. 	An elephant is walking through dry grass by some trees.	
Lady walking through a parking lot with an umbrella over her head.	A woman walking in the street with a yellow umbrella.	A woman walks down a road with a yellow umbrella. 	A woman holding an umbrella walking down a street.	A person walking down a road with a sun umbrella.	
The teen group is serving pizza and drinks to the younger children.	A group of young people eat pizzas and drink from pitchers.	A group of young people holding a pizza party.	Two men and woman opening boxes of pizza in a room.	A group of people are getting some food and drinks together.	
Vehicle traffic in an uban area during winter.	A bus is traveling at night on a non busy street.	some people a bus and cars a street lights and buildings	Buses, cars, and few people on a busy street at night.	A large bus and some people on a street.	
A man taking a swing at a tennis ball.	A young man is on a tennis court with racquet raised.	The tennis player is holding a Wilson racket, poised to return the ball.	a man standing on a court getting ready to hit a tennis ball	A tennis player getting ready to hit the ball.	
Fuzzy cat sitting outside on the window sill	a cat standing on a window looking at the camera	A cat sitting on a window pane staring at something in the distance.	A white, brown and gray long haired cat sitting on a window ledge.	Brown and white cat sitting on the ledge of a window. 	
A living room with a television and brown couch has a clothes hanger on the doorknob.	A television tuned in to a news alert.	There is a small TV below a regular TV	A couch an tv in a small living room.	A room with a sofa and a TV on top of shelves. 	
A large passenger jet flying through a blue sky.	A jet plane taking off into the air.	A plane with its wheels down while rising into the sky.	A Cathay Pacific plane takes off into the air.	A plane that says "One World" gaining altitude.	
A fleet of ships docked on a sandy beach.	Several wooden boats docked on the ocean beach.	Boats are lined up on the sea shore.	A harbor with boats washed up in the low tide	Five boats sitting on the beach by the ocean.	
A piece of cake sitting on a plate next to a drink.	A cheese cake is turked upside down on a plate.	A slice of cake sits half-eaten beside a beverage in a glass.	there is a very tall piece of cake that is on this plate	A plate of dessert sitting beside a drink in a cafe.	
A car that is outside in the dirt.	A old firetruck in a dessert scrap yard.	An old red fire truck parked in rural area.	An abandoned vintage red convertible fire department truck.	A red rusted ou fire truck parked next to a dry grass covered hillside.	
A close-up of a tropical bird with a mirror behind it.	A small yellow and brown bird standing in front of a mirror.	A red and orange parakeet in front of a mirror.	a bird with a mohawk stands in front of a plate	A Grey and Yellow cockatoo standing in place.	
A man riding a dirt bike up the side of a mountain.	a man on a dirt bike is going up hill	A man with a helmet on riding a bike up a hill. 	A hill climb is a difficult feat, even for an experienced rider.	The man is riding up a hill on a motorcycle. 	
Woman sitting at an outdoor table working on a black laptop. 	A couple of students working on their computers at a picnic table.	A young woman sits at a picnic table with her laptop.	A woman sitting with her laptop at a picnic table.	a woman sits outside on a lap top	
A person looking at their cell phone at another person taking a picture.	A person holds a smartphone taking a picture of a bottle and glasses on the table	A person holding up a cell phone by a lit candle.	A woman takes a picture of the beer on the table	A person showing a picture on their cellular phone. 	
A man drinking some wine using a wineglass 	A man is drinking wine out of a wine glass.	A man with sunglasses pulled up to his head and drinking from a wine glass.	A man drinking from a nearly empty wine glass 	A man holding a glass up to his face.	
a man decorating a vase with a cloth in his lap	A boy is painting a pictures on a vase.	A young man painting a vase by hand	A person painting colorful images on a vase.	A man who is painting designs on a vase.	
A train with brown cars on train tracks.	A TRAIN IS COMING THROUGH TOWN ON THE RAILS	There is a very old wooden train on the tracks	A passenger train is on the railroad tracks in front of a brown brick building.	A long brown passenger cart of a train.	
A fence lines the street and creates a barrier from sidewalk.	City block fenced off for construction amidst office buildings.	A big long metal fence near some buildings.	A street with a metal fence and many buildings.	A construction area takes up part of a city street.	
Various equine (horses and zebras) inside stalls under a tent.	A zebra grazes in a cage at a fair.	A zebra eating grass in an enclosure at a fair.	A zebra grazing on the grass under a tent. 	a zebra in a pen wearing a green head harness	
A BASEBALL PLAYER IS HOLDING A BAT ON THE FIELD	A baseball player holding a bat while on the field.	a baseball player holding a bat on a baseball diamond	A person that's holding it back in a game.	A helmeted baseball player carries his bat on the diamond.	
A small child on a skateboard photoshopped over a street image.	A young boy with a gold shirt is on a purple skateboard.	A little kid that is on a skateboard.	A young boy riding a skateboard on a sidewalk	A young skateboarder isn't much bigger than his board.	
A sign warning no camera and no videos on the side of a road.	a street sign on a sidewalk next to a construction site.	A sign is displayed on the side of the road.	A SIGN WITH DIFFERENT SYMBOLS ON IT 	A sign states that you can not take pictures or videos there.	
A tree with a bunch of unripe bananas hanging from it.	bunches of green bananas on a stem of tree.	a tree that has some bananas on it	Tropical bananas still in bunches on a tree.	Bananas hanging on tree in their natural form.	
A bathroom with a tub, sinks, lights and a television.	A large white bathroom with two vanity sinks and a bathtub.	A bathroom with a white tub and white cabinets has a black pattern on the floor.	Large white bathroom showing sink, tub, TV, and countertops.	Deep bathtub displayed in area of large tiled bathroom.	
A sandwich that is sitting on a napkin on a plate.	Sandwich with garnish sitting a table next to a beer.	A plate that has a sandwich on it.	A sandwich on a roll next to a glass of beer at a restaurant.	There is a sandwich on the plate and a beer on the table. 	
A large brown dog standing next to a home plate.	A dog leans over and sniffs a piece of concrete.	A dog investigates a metal lid on the ground.	A dog is sniffing a piece of metal on the ground.	A dog finds wonderful things to sniff in the oddest places.	
A street sign leaned over with the words High Gate Avenue on it.	The street sign pole is slanted to one side.	A black sign is hanging on a street pole	A pole with a street sign near a hill, grass snd trees. 	A street sign is leaning over with trees and a hill in the background.	
Two pizzas with cheese and an egg on top.	A fried egg with a runny yolk tops a mini whole wheat pizza made with melted cheese and spinach. 	A pizza with veggies and eggs on it. 	A pizza topped with cheese, veggies and an egg.	A pizza with broccoli and spinach topped with an egg	
A kitchen that has a stove and refrigerator in it.	a kitchen with a fridge and oven inside of it 	a refrigerator some cabinets a stove an oven and a sink	A kitchen that has been cleaned and has dark cabinetry.	An old looking kitchen that needs an update.	
A long bus driving on a city street past a building.	Two busses sit in front of a building next to some traffic cones.	The bus taking the passengers to their destination.	A bus is turning down the street next to a building.	A Highland Express tour bus is turning onto the street.	
Three women that are finishing a skiing tournament	A woman in a purple ski suit racing two other girls on skis.	Three skiers racing each other on a flat course.	Three women are racing in the snow on skis.	A group of women skiing down the mountain.	
A young woman using a laptop computer while sitting on a bunk bed.	A person that is sitting in a bed facing out.	A young girl sits in the bottom bunk of her bunkbed.	A bedroom with bunk beds and the bathroom next door.	Three people live in one room who share a bathroom.	
Two pedestrians underneath their umbrellas walk across an open plaza in a rainstorm.	Two ladies with umbrellas on the pavement on a wet day	Two people holding umbrellas walking in the rain. 	Two females walking in the rain with umbrellas.	Two women carrying umbrellas walking in the rain.	
A boat is washed up on the shore.	A boat sits washed up on the shore of a large body of water.	A small white boat on the shore of a beach.	An abandoned boat sits on the shore of a beach.	An abandoned boat sitting on the edge of the beach	
A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.	there is a stop sign and a sign underneath it on the same pole	An intersection with street light poles and traffic sign poles. 	A stop sign in front of a traffic intersection in a neighborhood.	A stop sign for all directions next to a side walk and intersection. 	
A person holding a phone and a lcd screen dial.	A person holding a cell phone and land line phone in their hand.	A persons hand holding a cell phone up.	A artistic picture showing an old fashion handset for a phone and a cell phone.	Someone has hooked an older headset phone to a cellphone. 	
a person walking down a street while holding an umbrella 	Two people talking on a busy street while one holds a Marilyn Monroe umbrella. 	Woman holding an umbrella in a crowd of people.	The umbrella has panels that are alternatively clear and black with an image of Marilyn Monroe.	A woman walking down a street holding a marilyn monroe umbrella.	
A man riding on top of a hand rail with a skateboard.	A man skating on stairs next to a building as people watch him	A man skating down a stair rail in front of a bunch of people.	A skateboarder is skating down a railing next to some stairs.	A man riding a skateboard down the rail of some stairs while a group of people watch.	
A man throwing a frisbee in the yard	Adult man playing with flying discs in large grassy field.	Man in shorts throwing frisbee on grass near trees. 	A man in black tossing a frisbee in a field	A man throws frisbees in the middle of a field.	
A plate topped with mushrooms and broccoli covered in sesame seeds.	A skillet of food that includes broccoli, mushrooms and sesame seeds.	Broccoli, mushroom, and sesame seed stir-fry on a cooking surface.	Mushrooms, broccoli, and sesame seeds in a stir-fry.	A stir fry of mushrooms and broccoli topped with sesame seeds in a wok.	
A woman sitting at a wooden table in front of an open laptop.	A woman with a laptop talking to a group of women at a conference table.	a group of ladies sitting at a table chatting.	Lady teach a class and uses her laptop	A woman at a table with a laptop talking.	
A person brushing a cat with a brush.	A woman brushing her cat that is laying on a radiator.	A woman is brushing her large gray cat.	Cage sitting atop a heater looking out windowpane.	A woman that is sitting down near a cat.	
A large panda bear sitting in an enclosure.	a black and white panda bear is sitting and eating	A panda bear eating in its zoo enclosure	A panda sitting in a dirt enclosure with trees.	A panda sitting in its enclosure with trees and bushes.	
A pizza buffet with one slice taken out of a pizza.	Multiple style pizzas sitting under a heating lamp.	Several different types of pizza are sitting in a display case.	Pizza on a tray in front of a window.	A pan pizza and a thin crust pizza.	
a bathroom with a mirror and a sink	Small wooden and white kitchen sink with a small mirror. 	A clean bathroom with a sink and a checkered linoleum floor	this floor has a pattern of black and white tiles the sink is the same pattern	A white sink with a black cabinet underneath it.	
A room filled with a row of brown toilets	a bunch of urinals standing side by side on tiled floor	A very long row of very dirty rusty looking toilets.	A long row of metal toilets in a public restroom.	A row of toilets sitting in a bathroom.	
Batter looking on at player at home base preparing to swing at ball.	A person on a field with a baseball bat.	A baseball player with a bat in his hands.	A man that is standing on a baseball field with a bat.	Two baseball players wear black shirts and white striped pants.	
large NASA plane parked near the landing stripe next to a smaller plane	A small silver air plane sitting on top of a smaller jet.	A small airplane is parked under a large airplane.	An old fashioned photo shows a large airplane and a small airplane. 	A small airplane underneath a large airplane with people near them.	
Looking down at a beach area and boardwalk that has a circular walkway and clock tower.	View of plaza with tower near beach on sunny day.	A large clock tower sitting in the middle of a paved walkway.	A plaza with a clock tower near the beach.	a clock on a small tower near a building 	
A room filled with a pile of black umbrellas.	Several open umbrellas are sitting on the floor in a room.	A pile of opened black umbrellas inside a room. 	A cluster of black umbrellas sit in the corner of a building.	a room with a bookshelf and books and many open black umbrellas	
A cat laying on top of a couch next to a remote control.	A brown white and black cat is sitting on a sofa.	A cat sitting on the sofa next to the remote. 	An orange, white, and black cat is laying on a couch near a remote control.	A cat that is sitting on a couch.	
This smiling skateboarder performs tricks in the skateboard park.	A boy on a skateboard rides up a ramp.	A person on the skateboard doing a trick on a ramp.	A boy skate boarding on a ramp at night.	A man is doing a trick on a skateboard.	
A couple of kittens standing around metal bowls on a tray.	two baby kittens at the feeding bowls one is drinking	A kitten drinking water out of a bowl on a tray. 	Two little kittens drinking water out of the bowls	Two kittens drink water from some bowls. 	
An elephant stands in front of a watering hole in his habitat.	An elephant by the water hole about to spray water on itself. 	A baby elephant is standing beside a man made pond.	An elephant plays in shallow water in an enclosure.	A small grey adorable elephant stands on a puddle at a zoo.	
A multi colored bus with people loading it	The dodger stadium express bus with people boarding	A bus parked at a bus stop in a city with tall buildings.	PEOPLE BOARDING A BUS PARKED ON A STREET.	People getting onto a stadium bus on a sunny day	
People rowing several canoes on a small pond.	Couples enjoying a day on the water in row boats. 	people in different boats rowing around a lake	People in groups of two rowing boats on the water.	The pond, surrounded by trees, and a fence on one side, has several row boats in it, as people paddle them around on a sunny day.	
A group of traffic lights sitting above an intersection.	The sign shining down over the street lights	A picture of a stoplight from a window.	The sun surrounded by an airplane and traffic lights 	Several street lights and an airplane flying overhead.	
A group of giraffes hang around in the zoo.	Several giraffes eating and moving around their habitat.	Two giraffes nuzzle each other in a zoo as the others search the ground.	A herd of giraffe standing on a dirt hill at a zoo.	Two giraffes snuggling among a group of giraffes.	
The pedestrian is walking down the side of the highway by the bus.	A transit bus passing a man on a sidewalk.	Guy walking pass a bus sitting at the curb 	a man is walking down the sidewalk next to a bus on the street	a man walks down a sidewalk as a vehicle passes 	
People walking and bicycling in a city street.	bicycles riding in a crowded downtown city street	Bicyclists taking up a lane at a traffic signal.	there are many people walking across this street	People ride their bikes through a busy city intersection.	
A man that is standing on a court with a racquet.	A MAN PLAYING TENNIS ON A TENNIS COURT	a tennis player swinging a racket on a court 	a man that is playing tennis on a court	A tennis player in a red shirt and white pants.	
A large white clock tower towering over a wall.	there is a very tall white tower with a clock	a clock tower near an elevated bridge with a sky background	Seagulls sit on the posts of a seaside balcony by a clock tower 	Birds resting on top of a tower with clocks on it.	
a desk with a keyboard a mouse and a drawing pad	A drawing of an anime girl is being used as a mousepad.	Messy computer desk with sketch pad being used for mouse pad	A drawing that is on top of a table.	A mouse from a computer is sitting on a pad	
a bunch of elephants walk around a broken tree 	A couple of elephants are standing in the wild. 	A couple of elephants are standing together by a tire.	Two elephants stand next to at cut down tree.	A group of elephants that are standing in the dirt.	
Commuter buses parked in a lot outside an apartment complex.	Two buses parked in a parking lot next to each other.	A yellow bus parked in a parking lot.	A yellow and blue bus is parked in a lot.	A city bus traveling at dusk in a metropolitan setting.	
Four smaller dogs are running away from the women on the bench. 	A group of dogs running across a lush green field.	a number of dogs running in a field with people on a bench	A group of dogs that are standing in the grass.	A bunch of dogs running around in a field 	
Cat sitting on wood framed mirror looking down at own reflection.	A gold and white cat looking at their reflection in a mirror.	A cat sitting down and looking at itself in the mirror.	A curious cat staring at himself in the mirror.	The cats looks at it's reflection while sitting on a mirror. 	
A very nice coffee mug with lots of writing.	A coffee cup has labels showing different amounts. 	The large coffee mug has designs inside and outside of the cup.	A coffee cup with clever graphics on the inside.	A coffee cup with lots of weird things painted on its inside.	
A zebra grazing on grass near a river.	A single zebra grazes on a ledge near the water,	A zebra standing on land and eating grass near a body of water that is behind it.	A zebra grazes on tall grass at the edge of a clear blue river.	A zebra near a waterhole grazing on some grass.	
A tennis player looking up for the ball preparing to hit it.	A man raring back with his tennis racquet on a court.	A man holding a tennis racquet next to a crowd of people.	The sun seems to be blinding the tennis player.	The man is playing  tennis at a tennis game . 	
a young female throwing a red Frisbee in a grassy area	A girl who has just thrown a Frisbee.	A person has opened their hand to catch a Frisbee thrown by a woman.	A reflection a person catching a frisbee in a mirror like object.	A woman throwing a red flying disk in a field.	
Two dogs in a car looking out the window.	Two dogs are looking out a car door window.	Two adorable dogs hanging out of a car door window.	Two dogs sticking their heads out of a car window.	Two dogs in the car looking outside of the window. 	
A person and a animal in the daytime.	A woman is standing by a fence petting a giraffe	A woman posing for a photo while petting a baby giraffe.	A woman standing next to a giraffe and touching its head.	A woman touching the cheek of a giraffe.	
A metal advertisement sign with a red and white clock.	A large lighted sign for the Public Market Center.	A Public Market Center sign is held up next to a clock.	There is a large sign with a clock, and it says Public Market Center.	A bald man standing next to a sigh with a massive clock on it.	
A group of people sitting at a table having dinner.	A black and white photo of people playing cards at a table	A black and white photo shows a group of people dressed in black tie attire playing cards and having drinks.  	Processed photograph to give historic look, brown tone (not color), group gathering, men in black tie woman in more formal dress.	A group of people in formal clothes play cards together.	
A man that is sitting in front of a laptop.	The workers are working at their computers at their desks.	A man sitting at a desk in an office.	A man sitting in a chair in front of a computer.	Adults working in open office setting at desks.	
A white and green rusted fire hydrant spewing out frozen water.	A water hydrant is that frozen with nothing on it. 	Broken fire hydrant has ice hanging out of it.	A fire hydrant has frozen and is covered in icicles.	A fire hydrant with frozen water coming out of it.	
A group of children stand on a tennis court	Good buddies always give comfort to their best friends.	A group of young kids holding tennis racquets.	Two friends consoling each other after a game of tennis.	Some children are standing on a tennis court.	
a directory next to some snow covered benches	A sign sitting on the side of a road next to a  tree.	an electronic street sign on a snowy city street	A city street intersection with a light snow.	The city streets are wet from a snow storm.	
some people playing tennis for a large crowd to watch 	A man returning a tennis ball to his opponent on the court 	A tennis match on a tennis court with many spectators in the stands.	The man is swinging at the tennis ball with a racket. 	Two men playing a professional tennis match in a stadium.	
A person is holding a video game controller	A man is pressing buttons on his wii remote.	A person holding a Wii video game controller.	A person hand pressing buttons on a Nintendo Wii controller.	A person holding a white Nintendo Wii game controller.	
Two street signs read "Dead End" and "College".	Two street signs reading "dead end" and "college ct."	The green and yellow street signs are next to a telephone pole.	This site is telling us that the street is a dead end road.	a close up of a street sign near a power pole	
A pile of pineapple sitting next to a pile of bananas.	A pile of pineapples and bananas are sitting in a market. 	Pineapples and bananas are for sale in a market. 	many pienapples and bannanas sitting on a stand	A large batch of pineapples stacked up next to each other.	
Two men standing in a living room next to a couch holding Wii controllers.	Two men in pajamas playing a Wii game. 	Two men smile as they play a video game.	two males in a living room are playing a video game	Two men standing with remotes in a rooms	
A large cheese pizza sitting on a pizza pan.	A baked pizza crust resting on a device in a restaurant.	A finished pizza in a metal pan on display.	The recipe has been baked in a terracotta bowl, producing a desirable browning of the top and crust.	A bright cheesy pizza is still in the pan.	
These clams on the half shell are a seafood staple.	A photo of pasta and clams alongside a fresh salad. 	A white bowl filled with pasta and clams.	a dish of pasta topped with mushrooms sitting on a table	A bowl of pasta sits next to a glass and bowl of salad.	
a person sitting on a bike near many other parked bikes 	A group of men riding on the backs of motorcycles.	Three motorcycles parked next to each other with two men on one. 	Two men on motorcycles in front of building.	Three men admiring motorcycles in a sidewalk exhibit.	
A white pizza sliced in on a board along with two plates, utensils and pink napkins.	A small personal sized pizza with carrots and peas. 	Pizza is on a cutting board with table settings around it.	A nontraditional pizza is topped with peas and carrots.	A pizza with green peas and carrots on top on a table.	
Some kind of a pancake that has broccoli and sauce on it.	a plate of polents a tomatoe and brocolli	a pancake topped with rice, spinach, and brocolli	there is some type of flat bread with topping on the top of it	A pancake with vegetables piled up on it	
A yellow dump truck parked on a lot.	A large dirty yellow truck, parked in a yard.	A large yellow dump truck parked and empty.	A large yellow dump truck is sitting parked	A yellow truck is hauling a load off.	
A room with a bed and some windows in it	The sun is shining through a bedroom window.	A set of beds sitting inside of a bedroom.	A rustic trundle bead in a wooden cabin.	a large bed in a windowed wood cabin	
A large white bathroom with a massive mirror over a sink	A narrow bathroom with a sink, mirrors and a shower.	Image of a vanity, shower and open window in a bathroom.	A long bathroom with white walls and counters.	A sink, shower and window of a bathroom.	
A microwave is sitting idly in the kitchen. 	A shiny silver metal microwave near wooden cabinets.	There are wooden cabinets that have a microwave attached at the bottom of it	A microwave sitting next to and underneath kitchen cupboards.	A kitchen scene with focus on a silver microwave.	
A man and baby are by an oversize teddy bear.	A man and a baby posing next to a large bear and cub	Two teddy bear statues outside on the field.	 a man holding his baby standing next to a giant teddy bear with its baby	A large gray bear with a smaller bear on it's lap.	
Medical students are looking at the monitor to check their patient's condition, while their associates wait in anticipation.	Many hospital technitians gather as some work on equipment.	There are doctors performing an operation with instruments	A man in scrubs looking at a computer.	A team of medical staff using equipment in a hospital.	
A doorway with a large glass window on top of a wooden floor.	A narrow way with a refrigerator in the corner.	A fridge in front of a white back door  	a view of a refridgerator and door with a wooden floor in front	A very narrow kitchen with a fridge and door leading outside.	
Many jockies are riding horses down a beach.	A group of people riding horses along a beach.	A group of people with helmets are riding horses alongside a beach. 	A group of horses and their riders riding down the beach.	A group of jockeys on horses in a race on a beach.	
a young man is about to throw a ball. 	A young man with a mitt is winding up to throw a ball.	The baseball player is delivering his  best pitch.	Kid playing baseball preparing to throw the ball.	a baseball player throwing a ball with a glove	
a red fire hydrant near a dirt road with trees in the background	A red fire hydrant sitting on the side of a dirt road.	A close of a red fire hydrant next to a road.	A red fire hydrant in a forest setting.	A fire hydrant and a stake in a dirt area with a few plants.	
A large cut pizza on a pan on a table.	A pizza sitting on top of a white plate.	A large cheese pizza has a piece taken out.	A pizza is shown displayed on a plate.	A cheese pizza with a few slices missing.	
A person took a picture of his torso and legs while laying on the top of a bunk bed.	a person laying on a bed with a short ceiling above	A man takes a photo while lying in his bunk	A person laying on top of a bed.	a man laying down on some kind of bed	
Two cups on a table and a man seated next to the table.	The cruller is on the  paper, served  with Dunkin Donut coffee.	a donut on wrapping paper next to a cup of coffee on a table.	A person sitting at a table with two cups and a donut on it.	a cup of coffee next to a donut on a table 	
sandwich sits on plate with dipping bowl next to a cup	A lobster roll with a side of sauce on a plate.	Someone uses a fork to eat salad beside a large sandwich.	An assortment of foods and a fork are on a plate.	A PLATED SANDWICH AND SAUCE WITH A COFFEE MUG.	
A group of young children riding skis down a snow covered mountain.	A number of people skiing down ski slopes	A bunch of children skiing down a slope	There are some skiers heading down a slope	 A picture of skiers skiing on the snow	
Four people sitting on a bench looking at the water	Four people sitting on a bench looking at the water.	The backs of four people sitting on a bench while looking at the ocean.	Four people sitting on a bench looking at the lake.	Four people are sitting on a bench overlooking the water.	
little girl with her bunny beside her sitting on a bench	A girl and stuffed animal sit on a bench.	A little girl sitting on a bench in front of some ivy with her stuffed animal	A woman sitting on a bench while talking on a cell phone. 	A cute little girl sitting on a bench alone.	
A man dressed in red riding on a boat.	A man in a red cap drives a boat.	a man in a red jacket and hat on a boat	A man riding in a boat wearing a red jacket and hat.	a man wearing red clothing and looking off in a distance	
a living room with a chair near a tv	A television that is inside of an entertainment center.	A den with a chair, lamp, speakers and a television.	A living room has a television, a chair, and a lamp.	A brown chair sitting in front of a TV in a living room.	
A group of horses walking down the street	A group of horses are running on the street.	A group of horses walking down a street next to brick buildings.	Horses travel down a narrow city street with a car following.	a bunch of horses are walking down the road	
A man standing next to a set of piked motorcycles.	A group of men standing next to parked motorcycles	People stand around two parked motorcycles at a curb.	Motorcycle in the foreground with people and other motorcycles around it	A red and black motorcycle sitting next to other motorcycles.	
A baseball player throwing a baseball on a field.	The young baseball player is throwing on the field with his team members in their positions.	an image of a pitcher throwing a ball	A boy playing baseball that is throwing a pitch.	A kid wearing a Georgetown Day Shirt has a baseball glove in his hand.	
A snowboarder crouching on his board in mid air.	A snowboarder and his board caught mid flight	A man flying through the air while riding a snowboard.	A snowboarder jumping a hill on a snowy mountain.	A snowboarder grabs the back of her snowboard while jumping	
A small sailboat docked at a local shore.	a man sits on his bicycle in front of a sailboat	A person on a bicycle passes a sailboat in the water.	Sailboat is on the water and someone on a bike is looking at it.	A white sailboat on some calm waters and a bicyclist next to it.	
a close up of a pizza on a plate with knives and forks	The cheese pizza is on the plate ready to eat.	The gourmet pizza is uneaten on a plate.	A pizza topped on a pizza pan on top of a table.	a pizza on a white plate and some silverware	
A man running on the beach with a surfboard.	A man running and throwing the surf board at the beach. 	A man running along the beach with his surfboard in the water.	A young man running along a beach next to the ocean.	A man is running along the shoreline while another person watches from the water.	
A blue bus driving down a street next to trees.	A vehicle parked on a street next to the water.	A VW Bus vehicle is sitting curbside on the street.	A Volkswagon Van parked on the side of street.	An old van parked on the side of the street	
Two zebras eating some grass together in an open area.	Two Zebras are eating grass in a field.	Two zebras in a field are eating grass.	There are a pair of zebras grazing in the field.	Two zebra grazing on grass in an open field.	
Two horses standing on a lush green field.	Tourists taking photos of a half-horse half-zebra playing	two horses run around in a fenced enclosure	two brown and white horses and some people are watching them	Two horses are frolicking as spectators take pictures.	
The sandwich is on the table by the glass of milk.	A peanut butter and banana sandwich with a glass of milk.	Milk served with a peanut and banana sandwich served on a white paper towel at a grey table.	A peanut butter and banana sandwich on a paper towel with a glass of milk.	A peanut better and banana sandwich with a glass of milk	
Two rectangular trays of pizza with topping on them	Two uncooked pizzas has different ingredients on each.	Two pizzas filled with topping sitting in pans. 	Two homemade pizzas about ready to be cooked	Two pans placed next to each other with fresh made pizza in them ready to be cooked	
A snowy landscape through a sunny window with a bed in the foreground	A white bed in front of a window that shows a snowy yard.	The edge of a bed and a window showing a snowy area outside.	A bed is shown next to a window.	A window in a bedroom sitting beside a bed. 	
A stair case sitting next to a wooden desk with a computer on it.	Scene from the top of stairs looking down at den with desk and tall clock.	Its an old time hotel but there is no one to man the receptionists desk.	A grandfather clock and desk are seen from a stairway.	Plaid staircase and floor with wooden railings and embroidery.	
A photograph of two cows grazing on a green pasture.	two cows with spots are grazing in some grass	Two black and white cows grazing in a grassy pasture.	Two black and white cows are in a grass field.	Two jersey cows grazing in a green meadow.	
A couple of brown horses laying on top of a grass field.	A larger standing horse is standing protectively over a smaller resting horse in some tall grass.   	A horse looking towards a foal in a field of grass	A brown horse and foal in a green field.	two horses in a field one with a white stripe down its nose	
A man sitting at a counter with half of a pizza.	A MAN IS ORDERING FOOD AT THE BAR	Two men in a kitchen are opening frozen pizzas.	Man in black shirt sitting at a kitchen table holding a pizza. 	two guys eating pizza from a box in a kitchen	
Kites fly high in the air over a park.	A group of people are flying kites outdoors.	People are gathered in a field flying kites.	a number of people in a field with kits flying above	People in a park enjoying flying kites on a windy day	
A large clock sitting on a sidewalk next to a large American flag covered building.	Large circular shaped clock tower in black and white.	A clock standing on a table with the American flag behind it.	An antique clock in the foreground with an American flag in the background.	A clock is sitting below an American flag.	
A stormy looking photo with a cargo train.	A train at a train depot at night.	Black and white photo of an industrial train	A train is traveling on a cloudy night.	an aerial view of trains traveling through a city.	
A woman riding a green bike with a small white dog on the back.	A woman in a fur coat on a bike with a dog in the bike's basket.	A woman wearing a coat rides a bicycle with a dog. 	The woman is riding her bike with her dog on the back.	a little dog standing on the back of a woman's bike 	
A plate holding a slice of bread with mayonnaise and chicken tenders and another piece of bread with nothing.	a close up of a plate of food with a sandwich	Two chicken tenders lie on bread to make a sandwich.	A sandwich is prepared with two pieces of fish.	A white plate with fish sticks on bread	
A zebra walking through a field of tall grass	A zebra running down an open field, with deer in the background.	A pregnant zebra walking through the tall grass.	The zebra is standing in the field with the other animals in the background.	A zebra walking across a lush green field.	
A giraffe walking through a green grass covered field.	A giraffe stands beside a massive tree trunk.	A giraffe standing next to a tree with no branches.	A giraffe stares at a tree that is dead.	A giraffe stands next to a very tall trimmed tree	
A green and white stove top oven in a kitchen.	An older oven and stove with a pot and jar sitting on top.	A green stove with a pot on top of it.	A small green stove in a kitchen room.	an old fashioned oven and stove with a pot	
A picture of some people about to board a plane.	an air plane on an air port run way	A LINE OF PEOPLE ENTERING AN  AIRPLANE ON THE TARMAC	A crowd of people standing on top of an airport.	A line of people waiting to board a jumbo jet.	
A dog chewing on a mans shoes as he lays on a field.	A small dog that is licking someone's shoes.	A person standing to a dog lying on the ground	A dog is licking the toe of its owner's shoe.	a small dog is sitting next to a persons feet	
A whole pizza with cheese, green peppers and onions.	A baked pizza is sitting on a wooden board. 	A large loaded pizza sitting on top of a wood board.	A pizza that has been cooked with many different toppings on it.	A pizza with lots of toppings sits ready to be eaten.	
a smiling groom holding his bride in his arms	A man carrying his bride both dressed in white.	A man holding his bride in his arms at a wedding	a person standing holding a woman in his arms	A newlywed couple smiles as the husband holds the wife in his arms.	
a person with a wake board in a body of water	A woman is walking in the ocean surf.	A woman approaching a wave to surf on.	A person in the water with a surfboard.	a girl in with a body board in some water 	
A white and blue city bus traveling down a city street.	A bus is stopped and people are walking nearby.	A public hybrid electric bus on the street with it's doors open, and people next to the bus.	a red white and blue bus some people and buildings	A hybrid electric commuter bus in a concrete city	
people in a field lfying many kites flying in the sky	A bunch of jelly fish kites being flown in a field	A scene of octopus kites in multiple colors flown over a grassy hill.	There are many squid looking kites in the sky.	A bunch of people flying kites that look like octopuses. 	
A young lady kicking a soccer ball on a field.	A female soccer player prepares to kick the ball. 	a lady about to kick a soccer ball.	a girl in shorts and shoes kicking a soccer ball in a stadium	A woman is running on a field kicking a ball.	
Fresh fruit and vegetables have been gathered from the market	A bunch of vegetables and fruit arranged on a table. 	An assortment of healthy fruits and vegetables that include cauliflower, pasta, cherry tomatoes, broccoli, potatoes and blueberries.	A group of vegetables and fruits including Broccoli.	A large selection of veggies are piled together on a table. 	
A mirror reflecting the image of a white kitchen oven.	the mirror is showing a picture of the microwave in the kitchen	A reflection of a kitchen microwave and cabinets.	The reflection in the mirror shows a microwave on a kitchen cabinet.	A reflection of a vase, a microwave and kitchen cabinets. 	
A kitchen with wood floors and lots of furniture.	A beautiful, open kitchen and dining room area features an island in the center and wood cabinets and large windows.	A kitchen made of mostly wood with a small desk with a laptop.	A very spacious room with a kitchen and dining area.	A full view of an open kitchen and dining area.	
A baseball player holding a bat next to home plate.	there is a male baseball player that is at base	A baseball player is preparing to go to bat. 	some baseball players a pitcher catcher and an umpire	A baseball player holds his bat and waits for the pitch. 	
A child's train sitting on top of snow near a building.	The back end of a utility type truck.	A brightly colored red wooden train in the snow.	HUGE RED TOY TRAIN FOR PEOPLE THAT'S DUSTED WITH SNOW	Large yellow circle on rear of wooden train structure.	
Someone looking at a computer monitor in the dark.	A woman working on  a screen plugged into her laptop.	A woman at a desk with a computer monitor and CD case.	The worker is looking for information on the compuiter.	Someone is sitting in the dark with their computer on.	
A teenager on a blue skateboard has his arm in the air.	A skateboarder giving a thumbs up at a skatepark.	A guy on a skateboard at a skate park.	A woman on a skateboard doing a trick.	A young man on his skateboard at a skate park	
A pizza with lots of different topping son it.	Beef, vegetables, and tofu cooking in a broth	A serving of stir fried mixed vegetables and meat.	an arrangement of vegetables cooked and standing together on a platter	A mixture of cooked vegetables, including broccoli, mushrooms, and peppers.	
Scantily dressed women near a line of motorcycles.	Two beautiful women sitting on and standing near a motorcycle.	Two girls wearing are wearing short skirts and one of them sits on a motorcycle while the other stands nearby.	An attractive young woman on a motorcycle with her friend close by.	Two girls are dressed cladly on a motorcycle.	
Luggage moves along a conveyor belt at an airport.	The suitcases are going down the conveyor belt in the airport.	a bunch of bags are sitting on a conveyor belt	Several suitcases are rotating through a baggage claim belt.	A number of suitcases ride on a luggage conveyor belt.	
A man smiles down from the back of an elephant.	A man sitting on top of an elephant with trees in the background.  	a man sits on and rides a giant elephant 	Man riding an elephant with it's trunk pointing upward	A man that is riding on a elephant.	
A car is parked on the side of the street in the rain.	A car parked in front of a building and fire hydrant in the rain.	A car is seen through the rain soaked window. 	A white car parked on a street in the rain.	The rain is pouring on the white car on the street. 	
The four men are performing in costumes. 	Four actors in renaissance clothes stand outside on a stage. 	Four people in colorful attire with hats are getting ready to perform on a platform.	The group of entertainers are dressed in vintage garb.	A group of men dressed in medieval clothing 	
A street filled with lots of traffic next to white homes.	four cars stopped at a red traffic light	A street light and street sign hanging over an intersection with cars going through.	A few cars are driving down a street.	Group of cars passing by a long row of apartment buildings. 	
A batter is waiting for a baseball to come to him.	A group of adults plays baseball in an outdoor field.	A baseball player holding a bat on top of a field.	A catcher prepares to catch the ball if the batter misses.	A batter, catcher, and umpire are poised for a baseball.	
A zebra and ostrich standing in dirt field next to trees.	a zebra standing next to a ostrage out by some trees	A couple of animals that are standing on some grass.	a zebra stands next to an ostrich 	A couple of animals standing next to each other near a forest.	
A clock that is sitting on top of a pole.	a pole with some clocks sitting on top of it 	A clock with two sides lit up in the darkness.	There are two clocks that say eight forty.	A four-sided clock is displaying the time in the dark.	
A left turn signal, stoplight and street sign are hanging on a pole.	A traffic light in a city with two signs on either side of it.	A left turn sign is by a street sign.	A large street sign on a pole over a street.	a close up of a street sign near a traffic light	
A dog that is standing up with a frisbee.	The black dog is waiting to play frisbee.	A dog running with a frisbee in it's mouth.	A dog is gripping the Frisbee while approaching. 	A large black dog walking across a gravel field with an orange frisbee in it's mouth.	
Pair of zebras standing in grassy field outdoors.	The two zebras are standing together on the land.	The two zebras standing out in the field.	Two zebra stand next to each other in the grass.	a couple of zebras are in a field	
A motorcycle sits parked across from a herd of livestock.	A motorbike, people and sheep in the background	A motorcycle parked on top of a sandy beach.	A motorcycle in the foreground parked in a dirt parking lot	A multicolored motorcycle rests outside of a sheep farm.	
A desert dish has powdered sugar on it.	A white plate topped with waffles covered in fried apples and strawberries with powdered sugar.	a close up of food on a plate 	A close up of a piece of fired chicken on top of a pastry.	Some fried chicken that is on top of a cake.	
A woman holding a piece of fruit and a bag.	A woman posing in front of a batch of apples.	A woman who is holding an apple in her hand.	A woman holding a back next to boxes of fruit.	A woman picking out apples from a farmers market.	
A tennis player reaches overhead with her racket.	A woman in the middle of an over head swing of a tennis racket.	A woman is swinging a tennis racket through the air.	A tennis player is going up to hit a serve.	A tennis player in a red shirt has her racquet raised.	
A person on skis going down a hill.	A man skiing down a snowy slope next to snow covered trees.	A SKIER SKIING ON A MOUNTAIN WITH TREES BEHIND HIM.	A skier racing downhill past snow covered trees.	A man in black is skiing down the hill	
A cat lying next to someone sitting on a bench.	A cat lies next to a person on an outdoor bench.	A cat sitting next to a person on a bench. 	A grey cat is sitting on a bench	A cat lying on a park bench,wedged between the arm of the bench and a person.	
A phone mounted to an apparatus next to a desk.	a person some chairs and a black cellphone	A cell phone is stowed in a clip holder in an office.	a cell phone in a holder attached to a desk	A view of an office desk with a cell phone clipped to it using a phone holder with clip.	
A row of park benches with flower beds hanging next to them.	a bench on a brick path way near flowers	There are empty park benches by a fence.	Several benches and plants on a cobblestone path next to water.	A close shot of a bench in a park with several others. 	
A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a ramp.	A skate boarder is doing a trick on the side of an empty pool.	The young skateboarder is completely upside down during his trick.	a young man flipping over on his skateboard in a skate park	The skateboard rider is doing a trick upside down.	
A man jumps as he skates on a pavement	a guy jumping over a cone on a skate board.	a man on a skateboard in mid air going over a cone in some dirt	A kid on skateboard jumps over the cone	A boy is jumping his skateboard over an orange cone.	
A woman standing in a kitchen preparing food.	A lady wears an apron when she cooks.	A woman in a kitchen with a puzzled look on her face.	a woman is in the kitchen backing a recipe	A woman with glasses wearing an orange t-shirt stands in a kitchen area.	
Nan or woman is enjoying a day of surfboarding on a brown/orange board.	A man has one foot on his skateboard	A picture of a person on a skateboard.	A person is standing with their foot on a skateboard.	The bottom of the skateboard deck shows lots of wear and tear.	
A pile of stir fried meat and vegetables covered in a sauce.	A plate full of beef with broccoli and carrots	The meal consists of beef, brocolli, and other vegetables.	Close up of food that includes beef, carrots and broccoli.	a juicy salad with broccoli and peppers up close	
Two toilets in small bathroom stalls with two sinks in a bathroom. 	A public bathroom with two toilets and two sinks.	A toilet stall with a curtain near some sinks in a bathroom.	Why is my first one a blank every time.	A couple of white toilets sitting inside of stalls.	
A couple of people racing down the side of a ski slope.	Two people cross country skiing racing across a trail.	Competitive cross-country skies in near dead heat with spectators.	Two men skiing on a hill with people watching.	Two cross country skiers race as spectators watch.	
A black bomb squad truck driving down a  road.	Several police vehicles at an urban crime scene.	A bomb squad emergency vehicle has stopped in the middle of an intersection. 	A bomb squad vehicle in the middle of an intersection.	A bomb squad truck turning at a crosswalk. 	
A cow on a hill top looking for something to eat	a cow sitting on top of a hill eating in the rocks	A cow that is grazing along the side of the road.	A cow is grazing on a rocky hill with a town in the distance.	a cow on a hill over looking a road	
A man juggling while standing on top of a sign riding a skateboard.	a man balancing on a table and skateboard  is juggling	A man is balancing on a skateboard and juggling.	The man is standing on several objects and juggling.	A man stands above the crowd and juggles in a park.	
A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.	A man holds a tennis racket on a tennis court.	A man standing with a racket on a court.	A man taking a swing at a tennis ball	a tennis player standing and looking across the court 	
A bowl in a sink and window in a room.	A kitchen with orange walls and a sink filled up	A kitchen sink full of clean dishes near a stove and window.	Many pots and pans are piled in the kitchen sink.	A kitchen with yellow walls and pots and pans piled in the sink.	
The bed has a nightstand next to it with a lamp on it. 	A messy bed in a dark hotel room.	A queen-sized bed lays with one corner of the quilt turned up.	The bed is messily made wiith a quilt.	A bed in a room with pillows and a blanket on it	
A silver park bench is in the park 	a metal park bench on a cement slab	A metal park bench sitting on a slap of cement next to a lush green park.	This is an unoccupied metallic bench at a park 	a silver park bench sits in concrete with grass behind	
A person riding a horse in the dirt near a wall.	a horse with a person riding on top of it 	A man on a horse looking towards a bull.	A large square concrete wall, which shows people over the rim, has inside of it a pinkish cloud of dust and a fallen bull as well as two horses, the closest of which is trotting forward with a man in western gear , who is looking back at the bull.	a person riding a horse on a dirt ground 	
A man sitting at a table with two waffles on it.	A man sitting at a table in a restaurant eating waffles.	a man sitting down with a plate with two food items on it.	An old man with eyeglasses having a plate of donuts on his table	A man in a suit eats waffles while a group of people eat in the background.	
A man swinging a bat at a baseball on a field.	A baseball player is swinging at a ball on the field.	The baseball player swings his bat at an approaching baseball.	A batter at a baseball game who is swinging at a pitch. 	The man is hitting the ball during the baseball game. 	
A kitchen is shown with a variety of items on the counters.	A kitchen has the windows open and plaid curtains.	A kitchen with two windows and two metal sinks.	An older kitchen with cluttered counter tops but empty sink.	Glasses and bottles are placed near a kitchen sink.	
a cat sitting in a chair looking up	Gray cat lying on seat cushion on outdoor wooden chair.	This cat is looking up from a chair.	A gray and white cat looking up from a chair.	A cat that is laying down on a chair.	
The steering wheel of a bike with many gadgets parked in a mud room.	Bike front with mirror and gadgets with rug and tiled floor	A picture of the electronic set up on a bicycle.	The handles bars with a mirror of a bicycle inside a house.	The bike handlebars have electronics and a rear view mirror on it.	
A man is standing with a group of elephants.	A man with a stick is driving a herd of elephants toward a river.	a large family of elephants gathered together in there enclosure	A boy is tending to a small herd of elephants in an enclosure.	Many elephants in a group are herded by a man with a stick.	
A group of people riding skis on snow covered ground.	Skiers gathering outside the lodge of a ski area. 	A group of people on skis. standing on the snow covered ground together.	A few people are getting ready to ski.	Several skiers stand on the snow in their ski gear.	
A young cat with a beautiful coat standing alone. 	A cat sits on a concrete ledge next to a brick column. 	A cat setting on concrete near a red brick pillar.	A tabby cat is shown sitting on a ledge.	A kitten is standing on the porch of a house.	
A large passenger jet sitting on top of an airport tarmac.	A TAM jumbo jet lies dormant on a runway	A large airplane parked on the airport tarmac.	a passenger airplane at an airport with a car	A photo of a jumbo jet airplane on the tarmac.	
A young person riding a skateboard up the side of a ramp.	A person skateboarding on ramps that are are in front of a body of water.	A young man balances himself on his skate board as he rolls along in the skateboard park.	Polaroid-looking photo of a helmeted skateboarder by the sea	A girl is holding her arms in the air as she hops on her skateboard in a ramp area near a beach.	
A black cat holding onto the left of a teddy bear.	A black and white cat is snuggling with a stuffed bear.	A kitten a sleep snuggling a teddy bears foot.	A cat snuggling with a teddy bear's foot. 	a cat sleeping on a couch while holding onto a teddy bear 	
Street corner signs above a red stop sign.	Two different street signs posted on top of a STOP sign. 	A red stop sign underneath green street signs.	A red stop sign with a green street sign on top	A stop sign with two street signs mounted on top of it.	
A bird that is perched on a branch.	A small bird perched on a branch with leaves	A side view of a bird sitting on a branch.	A small bird sits on a branch in a tree.	A small bird perched on top of a wooden branch.	
After a long day surfing, this couple walks down the shoreline.	The sun setting on the beach, and surfers walking the wet beach.	two people walking on the beach carrying surf boards	Two surfers walk down the beach holding their boards.	a couple of people carrying surf boar walk on a beach 	
A man who is holding a skateboard next to some ramps.	White Buick Century car being driven by woman with dog in front seat	a man with a skate board stands next to some ramps 	A young person standing in the middle of a half pipe.	a skate boarder at an indoor course looking up at the camera	
A pink box filled with donuts next to a bottle of coke.	A pink box full of mostly eaten doughnuts	A pink box of doughnuts, a two liter bottle of Coca Cola, a bottle of liquor and a shot glass are on a table.	A box of half eaten donuts that is sitting on the table.	a close up of a box of doughnuts 	
A man walking along a beach holding a surfboard.	A surfer wearing a black wet suit carrying his red and white surfboard.	A man in a wetsuit walking into the water with a red and white surf board.	A man wearing a black body suite carrying a red and white striped surfboard into the ocean.	The man in the wetsuit carries a red and white striped surfboard.	
A cute cat sticking its head in a box of pizza.	A white and black cat with its head inside a box smelling the food.	A cat pokes its head into a box and smells the food inside it.	A cat with its head in a box of pizza	A cat trying to sneak a bite of pizza.	
A blue corner sink with a man reflected in the above mirrors.	a bathroom with a sink and a mirror	A person taking a picture inside a bathroom with a blue sink and a brown door	Compact hotel bathroom with corner basin and mirrors.	A man holding a camera reflected in a bathroom mirror that sits above a sink and next to a door.	
A baby holding a toothbrush in it's mouth.	A small child with a toothbrush in their mouth. 	A young boy brushing his teeth with a green toothbrush.	A baby in pajamas brushing his teeth and standing on a towel.	The baby has the tooth brush in the mouth. 	
a person riding a snow board on a snowy surface 	A young man is getting ready to take off on his snowboard, while another one waits.	A person moves forward on a skateboard on snow	A man riding a snowboard on top of  snow covered ground.	A person performs snowboard tricks while a crowd looks on.	
A blue bus driving down a street past a park.	a green bus is out on the road	A green passenger bus parked in a lot.	A green bus with people driving on a city street.	a bus moving down the road with people inside	
An orange, white and blue bus on a street.	a public transit bus on a city street	A passenger bus that is driving down the street.	a big colorful buss parked on the side of a road 	A bus parks on the side of a street near a building. 	
This is a giant metal refrigerator and freezer. 	A large, double door, stainless steel refrigerator in a commercial kitchen.	A very shiny metal fridge with two doors.	A stainless steel refrigerator in a kitchen with others near it.	A large stainless steel refrigerator with double doors	
A black plate topped with a pile of different foods.	there is a plate of rice and eggs with vegetables	A plate of food with a spoon on a table.	The dish of food offers a variety of ingredients.	 a chicken dish with rice carrots and hush puppies  	
A kitchen with a clear counter top and wooden cabinets, along with a white dish washer under the counter.	An older person standing inside of a kitchen.	A woman standing in an un-lived in kitchen	A kitchen counter and cabinetry with a large window.	The old woman is in the kitchen ready to make food	
A baseball player bunting at a baseball game.	there is a baseball player that is at bat and he is about to hit the ball	Baseball players playing baseball on a baseball field	Hitter in a baseball game trying to execute a bunt	A man holding out a baseball bat to a ball on a field.	
There is a group of people that are sitting at the table eating food	People are eating at a very large gathering.	a crowded restaurant with people having something to eat	People are sitting around a table and sharing a meal.	A group of women eating at a dinner table and conversating.	
The front side of a red truck that has chrome trim.	a red fire engine is parked on the grass and some people	A decorated old truck is parked on the grass.	A very old fire engine in good condition, displayed in a field.	A very large red fire truck sitting on top of green grass.	
An intersection of a city with pedestrians in the crosswalk.	Several street signs line a busy street filled with pedestrians and cars	A large clock in the middle of a walkway. 	A city intersection displays a clock on a long tall stand.	A MCDonald's restaurant is in the middle of a city.	
A man in a blue pinstripe shirt and a tie is posing	A man in a dress shirt taking a selfie picture of himself. 	a man that has a shirt and tie on	A man in a suit looks into his cel phone camera	A close-up of a man with a blue striped shirt and brown dotted tie.	
A stuffed animal has been placed inside of blankets.	a close up of a teddy bear laying in blankets	A brown teddy bear stuffed between a red, white and orange sheet.	A tattered brown teddy bear tucked into a blanket.	A teddy bear sits on top of the blanket.	
a close up of a pizza on a wooden spoon	a homemade pizza with uneven borders sitting on a giant wooden spatula	Fresh baked pizza resting on a peel sitting on a counter.	A pizza with bacon and cheese on a wood pan handle.	a big pizza sits on top of a oven board 	
Young woman with long brown hair in very dark grey jump top holding electronic instrument like a remote control.	A young woman holding a video game remote	A beautiful young lady holding a Nintendo Wii game controller.	A young woman stands with a Wii remote in her hand.	Girl standing with a Wii controller in her hand	
A skier in a race jumping over a small hill	A skier jumping a small hill on the slope.	A skier skiing in a race between flags.	A skier jumping off a hill on a slalom course.	A skier goes over a small ski jump on a gentle slope.	
A pregnant women takes a selfie wearing a black tank top.	A pregnant woman taking a selfie in a bathroom mirror.	A woman is taking a photograph in the mirror	A pregnant girl taking a photograph of her belly in the bathroom mirror. 	A pregnant women taking a picture of herself in the mirror.	
a public bathroom with a toilet and hand rail	A public bathroom with support bars and a toilet.	Public bathroom has handicap accessories around the toilet.	Instructions for proper toilet use and handrails hang on a wall above the toilet itself in an empty stall.	A toilet has a handicapped  bar behind it.	
A small tricolor terrier dog in a pink collar.	A dog sitting  and alert looking a something.	A dog pays attention to something out of frame.	A close up view of a very cute scruffy dog.	A small dog with a collar in a room.	
A white toilet sitting next to a wall outdoors.	a toilet and some brown tiles on the floor and wall	An outdoor toilet with the sun shining in the background.	A toilet outside with a privacy fence to provide a screen.	A semi private restroom with toilet and privacy blinders.	
Three people posing for a picture in front of a cell phone case.	A man and two women are posing by some phones.	A snapshot of a family at a store taking a picture together.	A man and a woman sitting in front of a counter in a store. 	A group of people sitting closely together in a store.	
A baseball player swinging and missing the ball.	A spirited game of baseball takes place behind a chain link fence.	Several baseball players in the middle of a game.	Baseball batter swinging at a pitch and the catcher trying to catch the ball.	A baseball player is swinging a bat at a ball while the catcher tries to catch it.	
An overhead view of dogs sleeping on the couch looking out the window.	A dog looking out the corner window of a house.	An angled couch sitting up against windows in the corner of a living room.	The dogs are laying on the couch in the house. 	This is a dog taking a nap on an L shaped couch.	
a cat laying on top of a chair in the living room 	a living room with a couch and large television	A room with a couch, chair, table and television in it. 	A living room with a chair, couch, and a TV	Cat sitting on recliner back in room facing the television	
A man jumping in the air on a skateboard.	A man doing a trick on a skateboard on a sidewalk.	A man in black shirt doing a trick on a skateboard.	A skateboarder flips his board near outdoor stairs.	Male skateboarder doing aerial trick on bricked outdoor area.	
Two cats are shown sitting on a toilet.	Pair of cats sitting on commode in bathroom of residence.	Two cats are in the bathroom sitting on the toilet.	two cats are sitting on the toilet of the bathroom	A couple of cats sitting on top of a white toilet.	
An infant laying on a bed with his eyes closed	A baby sleeping on top of a blanket wearing pajamas.	A baby calmly sleeping with its eyes closed.	baby laying on bed with their eyes closed	A baby sleeping and wrinkling its face while on a bed. 	
A man sitting next to a woman while wearing a suit.	Two people are posing for a photograph together	A black and white photo of a couple.	A black and white photo of a man and woman	A man and a woman are posing for a photograph. 	
a kid is sitting in front of a few plates of food	A young girl sitting in front of plates and bowls of food.	A girl sits at a table smiling in front of a bowl of pho	a girl sitting at a table with several plates of food around her.	a little girl sitting at a table eating a bowl of pho	
Two zebra standing on a dirty road next to a grass covered field.	Two zebras standing in the middle of the road	Two zebras stand in the middle of a gravel road. 	Two zebras stand on the road in a game preserve.	Two zebras standing on a gravel road look attached	
A brown and white dog chewing on a plastic bottle	 A large dog laying  down with his carrier in the back round.	A dog chewing on a water bottle with a smile on his face.	A dog laying on the floor chewing on something.	A dog with his mouth open in front of his cage. 	
A motion blur of a person riding a skateboard on the street.	a kid is getting on his skateboard and riding off	A photo is altered showing a skate boarder skating down the street.	A person skateboarding on the road at night.	A bunch of images of a man on a skateboard.	
A cat sitting in a bathroom sink under a  faucet.	close up of a cat sitting in a bathroom sink	a small cat sits inside of a bathroom sink 	A yellow cat sits in a small sink.	A cat sits in a bathroom sink while looking outward.	
The inside of a warehouse like structure that has a round clock with roman numerals on it hanging from the ceiling.	A clock hanging from the rafters of a building 	A clock hanging from a ceiling in a room.	a clock hanging fron the ceiling announcing the time as 1:44	Looking up at a large clock mounted to the rafters of a tin building	
A trash can made to look like a soup can.	A LARGE TRASH CAN IN THE SHAPE OF A SOUP CAN IS ON A STREET	A garbage can, which is made to look like a can of soup, sits on the sidewalk.	The trash can is painted like a Campbell's Soup can.	A garbage can painted like a soup can next to a fire hydrant.	
A little girl holding a hot dog and a drink.	A girl holding a hot dog and a cup of juice.	A girl in pink shirt holding a hotdog and a drink in cup.	Kids holding up a beverage and hot dog sandwiches.	A small girl has a hot dog and a drink.	
A horse is attached to a carriage. 	A horse drawn carriage moving down the street, people walking to the side of it.	People standing around near a horse drawn buggy.	A horse pulling a carriage next to a crowd of people.	A close-up of the horse that's pulling a carriage.	
a snow skier weaving around the pole markers	A woman skiing down hill around polls in a competition.	A person skiing down hill during an event.	A skier skiing between poles on a ski course.	A person is doing something by itself and interesting.	
A desk with a chair, laptop and printer.	A chair that is sitting in front of a desk.	A computer desk chair sitting in front of a computer.	A home office with an office chair, a desk, a laptop and a printer.	A corner desk with a laptop on top rests next to a printer.	
A man riding a surfboard on top of a blue wave.	A man rides a surfboard on a large wave.	a guy on the water surfing down a wave 	A bare-chested man surfing on the ocean waters 	A person on a surfboard riding a wave.	
A small propeller airplane taking off from a runway.	A camouflaged military airplane from a bygone era.	A small single engine plane getting ready to take off.	A small airplane is landing on a runway.	Small acrobatic plane on runway with white smoke in background.	
a guy unwraping a big screen tv in his living room	A man unpacking a new flat screen TV.	Guy pulls the protective wrapping off a new tv	a person putting a sheet on or off of a television in a living room	A man putting a protective covering over a large TV screen.	
A cat looking down at a book. It appears to be reading it.	A cat sits on a bed and reads a book.	A cat reading a book in a multicolored bed.	a black and white cat is looking at a book	A cat sitting on a bed behind a book.	
Buses and cars stopped at a traffic light. 	Buses and cars at an intersection in a city	a public transit bus on a city street	Photograph of an outdoor arena that looks neat.	Cars and city buses at a traffic stop in a city. 	
a man skating in a skate park with a large crowd watchin him 	a man performs a trick on a skate board 	A man pops a skateboard trick at a skate park	A skateboarder doing a trick at a skate park 	a man that is jumping his skateboard on some track	
Rows of motorcycles in parking lot next to buildings.	Rows and rows of motorcycles parked on the street	A parking area full of motor scooters in various colors.	Dozens of motorcycles are parked outside on the street.	Large group of motorcycles parked next to each other in a city. 	
some sauce is being stirred in a bowl	Creamy golden batter being stirred by a spatula.	a bowl a quacomale with a wooden spoon burried down into it	Pot full of yellow melted cheese with spoon in it	A spoon that is in a black bowl.	
A baseball player holding a bat above home plate.	A pitcher throws the ball during a baseball game.	a man pitching a ball towards the batter	baseball game in progress several players in motion	A pitcher throws out a ball on the field during a game.	
A truck parked in a parking lot with a blue sky background.	A fire truck with a pull behind wagon in a parking lot	A freighter truck with workers parked in a parking lot.	A fire truck parked in a parking lot in front of a grill.	A construction truck is parked on the road.	
A glass plate topped with a piece of cake.	A fork laying on a glass plate next to a half eaten slice of cake.	Silver fork next to a piece of cake on a clear plate.	The dessert is on a glass plate with a fork.	A large slice of cheesecake on a glass plate with a fork.	
A photo of a man swinging a tennis racket.	A man returns the tennis ball using his racquet.	A man swinging at the ball in a game of tennis.	A male tennis player swings his racket to hit an oncoming ball. 	The man is playing tennis on the court. 	
Several children on teams are running toward a soccer ball	A group of people who are standing in the grass.	Several young children participating in a coed soccer game.	A bunch of little kids playing soccer with each other. 	A group of children are playing soccer on a sunny day.	
A snowboarder in mid-air on a yellow board	A snowboarder in the air on a Burton snowboard.	A person in a red, black and blue coat riding a yellow "Burton" snow board in the snow. 	The snowboarder is jumping through the snow on a yellow board.	A person doing a trick in the air while snowboarding .	
Small kitchen area with sink full of dirty dishes	A smaller kitchen done in white with a sink full of clean dishes.	A white kitchen with a sink full of dishes.	White kitchen with granite counters and messy sink.	A mostly white kitchen has dishes in the sink.	
A woman in a shop painting a vase with decorative flowers.	A woman prepares a pottery vase in a workshop.	A woman in a pottery room painting a pot.	A woman working on a sculpture in a room filled with pottery.	The woman is painting a large vase in a shop filled with glass objects. 	
A woman standing on a tennis court hitting a tennis ball.	A woman playing tennis while people watch from the sidelines.	A woman in a blue tennis dress looking to the sky while playing tennis on a tennis court.	A woman in blue dress playing a game of tennis.	A female Tennis player is just about to make her serve. 	
A man riding on a wave runner in the ocean.	a person riding a jet ski in a body of water 	A man that is standing on a jet ski.	A man is jet skiing in the ocean. 	A person is riding a jet ski in the water.	
a desk with a keyboard a mouse and monitor	A desk with a computer on the center of it.	A desktop computer sitting on top of a desk.	a desk with a computer tower, keyboard and computer monitor	The computer on the desk was left on. 	
A horse drawn carriage is near a fire hydrant by a curb.	A horse and carriage with people riding in it.	a brown horse carrying people behind on the street	A horse pulling a wagon behind itself near a fire hydrant.	A horse drawn carriage in a city stopped for a break.	
A clock sitting below a city street and a second tier of a store.	a small red clock on the side on a figure in a house	A unique clock with mobile in a building.	An clock on a tower with birds in a building.	a clock in a building with potted plants in the background	A clock with an intricate and detailed design at the top.	
A herd of elephant with a calf and adult elephants.	An adult elephant standing over a baby elephant	A baby elephant feeding from it's mother. 	BABY ELEPHANT UNDERNEATH BIGGER ELEPHANTS APPEARS TO TRY AND STAND	Herd of elephants on dirt area with a baby elephant.	
A couple of people in wet suits standing by surfboards on a beach.	a couple of people standing on a beach next to surfboards	The people have stopped to talk to each other.	A couple of people with surfboards on a beach.	Scattered people on a wide, dry beach, including surfers.	
A red double-decker bus parked on a helicopter pad.	A red double decker bus parked in a lot.	A red double decked bus is on a tarmac.	A modern double decker red tour bus with an ad on the side for "singin in the rain".	Red double deck bus with Singin in the Rain advertisement banner, on heliport area.	
A muffin tin filled with lots of  muffins.	a close up of cupcakes cooking in a tray	A number of cakes in an oven being baked	A tray that has a bunch of cupcakes in it.	A metal pan with some cooked cup cakes.	
A group of men riding skateboards up the side of a wooden ramp.	A man on a skateboard jumping up in the air.	A person is taking a picture of a skateboarder in mid-air	A man on a skate board in the air doing a trick.	A skateboarder is doing a tick on the ramp.	
A young attractive woman sitting on a toilette on the side of a street.	A person sitting on a stool on the street.	A woman sitting on a bucket on the side of a street. 	A woman is sitting on a stool on a sidewalk.	A woman in a coat, sitting outside on a toilet.	
A blue surfboard sticking out of the green grass covered ground.	A surfboard is leaning against a wheelbarrow in a backyard.	Pale blue surfboard resting against a wheelbarrow on a lawn.	A surfboard standing straight up on the grass, propped up by a wheel barrow.	A blue surfboard in front of a wheelbarrow and clothesline	
A green heron perches on a stump in a swamp.	the bird is sitting on a branch is a river	A large colorful bird sitting on top of a tree trunk.	The bird is big and colorful sitting on the bark of the tree	A bird with many colors and orange legs perches on a branch.	
A cat sitting outside on a bench on a sunny day.	A cat stares towards sunlight while sitting on bench	Adult cat with a collar sitting outdoors on a wooden bench,	A cat sitting on a bench looking to the side.	Orange cat sitting on bench outside in sun.	
a motorcycle that is next to a bunch more	a group of various motorcycles parking in a line 	Motorcycles parked on the sidewalk next to a road.	A group of motor bikes on a street.	A group of motorcycles are parked next together.	
a person in front of a projection with music notes	A man stands in front of a projection of music.	A man stands next to a computer screen and in front of a screen on which is projected musical notes.	A man in suit and tie standing next to a projector screen.	An old man with eyeglasses stands next to a giant screen	
The small dog sitting in the center of the walkway.	A cat sits in the middle of pavement as a bird swoops down.	A cat sitting in a concrete parking area with a piece of paper blowing in the wind over his head.	A cat sits on the pavement while a bird flies overhead.	Little cat out on the road watching a bird fly by	
a dining room table that is in a room	A kitchen with white cup boards and a brown table and chairs	a table top sitting inside of a kitchen 	A wooden table is sitting just outside a kitchen.	A bright, clean, modern kitchen sports track lighting and white cabinetry. 	
A man handing a woman a red pan of food.	Someone is blowing out the candles on the birthday cake.	A man blowing out the candles on his birthday cake.	This is a woman blowing out the candles on her birthday cake.	some people and the male in a black shirt is holding a red pan	
3 slices of pizza with bell pepper, olives, and avocado	A pan of pizza with toppings on a table. 	Pizza on plate cut into fourths with one piece mising	a pizza has been cut into four piecces	A cooked pizza that has some slices missing.	
A beautiful young lady holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.	A woman running with a tennis racket 	an image of a female tennis player returning a serve	a tennis player holding a racket on a tennis court 	People watching a professional tennis match on a grass court	
A man stears a bored through the water.	A paddle boarder is navigating his paddle board through the surf.	A man without a shirt surfing in the ocean.	A surfer uses a paddle while surfing through water.	A young man with a paddle on an orange surfboard	
A brown horse with the word Autism written on the side of it.	A horse with the word "Autism" written on it's back side.	A horse with "Autism" written on its hind quarters	The horse has the word "autism" written on it.	a horse with the word autism painted on it	
Some brown and white giraffes standing and sitting together.	A herd of giraffe standing on top of a dirty field.	a herd of giraffes gather in a sandy area 	Several giraffes sitting on a sandy area in a zoo.	Several giraffes are standing on the sand by trees.	
A wooden post showing different paths to be taken	A pole with two wooden street signs in front of a bush.	An old street looking sign made of wood	A sign in the trees labeling the paths as paths.	A street sign in a park with everything labeled "path."	
A young woman with her laptop in bed.	A person sitting in there bed with there laptop . 	Laptop computer sitting on top of a blanket on a bed.	A person standing in front of a laptop computer.	A young person sitting on a bed looking at their laptop.	
a large air plane on a run way 	a plane flies across a big wide run way	A Lufthansa commercial jetliner parked at an airport.	Lufthansa aircraft carrier on the tarmac of an airport	A large airplane is seen on the ground.	
Commercial airliner flying  near mast on cloudy day.	A large commercial airplane taking off into the sky	A commercial airplane with propellers flying through the air.	A passenger airplane is taking off into a cloudy sky.	A white plane flies in the cloudy sky.	
A young boy sitting on a child's toy laptop computer.	A collage of boy sitting on a couch playing with a toy laptop	A little boy playing with a LeapPad while sitting on a couch.	Three images show a young boy using a computer.	Three shots of a boy using a computer	
The fire hydrant on the side of the street has lots of litter all over it. 	A chrome fire hydrant is on a crowded sidewalk.	a gold painted fire hydrant with someones hand on top of it	A silver fire hydrant at night with trash all around it	A person touching the top of a fire hydrant.	
A desktop computer monitor sitting on top of a desk.	An apple computer and keyboard on a sleek white desk.	The program is open on the desktop and ready to be used	A clean and sophisticated desktop with a Mac computer.	A computer and book sitting on top of a desk in a very pristine office.	
A white toilet sitting under a bathroom sink.	a small bathroom with a toilet and a urinal 	A bathroom is shown with a small sink to wash hands.	A handicapped equipped bathroom that has a toilet and sink mounted to the wall.	a small bathroom with a toilet and handwasher	
A beautiful blonde haired woman taking a pizza out of an oven.	Woman pulling out a pepperoni pizza from oven.	A woman taking a pizza out of an oven.	A girl handles a hot pizza out the oven.	This is an image of a woman cooking pizza	
a number of different doughnuts in a box 	Group of doughnuts with superhero theme in two boxes.	Group of assorted doughnuts in a couple of boxes.	there is an assortment of donuts in these boxes.	Assorted, some with superhero designs, donuts in a box on a wooden table.	
a large bus is up by the side of a curb	A group of people loading onto a bus.	people are getting onto a stopped City bus	this is a bus stopping in the middle of traffic	City bus with passengers boarding for Ballston Station.	
A large white sheep cake sitting on top of a foil plate.	A fiftieth birthday cake with a sheep on it	A birthday cake in the shape of a sheep standing in grass.	A birthday cake is shaped like a sheep.	A cake shaped like a sheep for a 50th birthday.	
A man is holding an umbrella beside a truck.	A man is walking by a truck holding an umbrella.	A man walking past a truck with an umbrella.	Black and white image of man with an umbrella on a city street.	A black and white picture of a man with an umbrella standing in front of a truck.	
A person lying on the ground next to a skateboard.	a person is laying down near a set of steps	A person is lying on the ground in a city.	A person lies on the ground near a skateboard.	A person laying on the ground near a two buildings.	
a giraffe stands looking over a watering hole 	A tall giraffe is standing in a park.	A giraffe during a sunny day out on a field.	A giraffe standing next to a couple of metal objects.	A giraffe standing by a stall in a field.	
Big Ben in London showing the time of 2:25 in the afternoon	Big Ben towering over the city of London under a cloudy sky.	Big Ben in London on a gray, cloudy day	A large clock with many lights towering high in the sky.	A picture of the Big Ben clock tower on a cloudy day. 	
a dog is tied up by the leash outside with a bag	a dog and a black backpack is on the curb	A dog is tied to a street fixture on a sidewalk.	a brown black and white dog and a black backpack	A dog tied up to a metal cage next to a back pack.	
A man holding a baby with a laptop in front of them. 	a person using a mouse and laptop on a table	A man holding a baby is playing on a computer.	A man holds his baby while using his laptop. 	A man holding a baby and doing something on a laptop.	
A large building with a clock on the front of it.	A building has a clock on the side of it. 	A clock that is mounted in front of a building.	a blue clock sitting next to a building	A black and gold clock sits against an old building.	
A man riding a kiteboard over the ocean under a gray sky.	A kite surfer gets high in the air while his kite is out of the picture frame.	A person high up in the air over the water.	A man is above the water enjoying some skiing. 	A man holding on to a para sail handle being lifted into the air over the ocean.	
A pasta salad with broccoli and tomatoes. 	We see a close up of a vegetable ad pasta salad.	A close up of stir fried noodles, broccoli and tomatoes.	A dish of pasta, tomatoes, and broccoli in a clear sauce.  	A pasta salad with broccoli and tomatoes in it. 	
A kid in wetsuit on surfboard in the ocean.	A man riding on top of a surfboard in the ocean.	A young child riding a surf board on a small ocean wave.	an image of a boy playing on a surfboard riding the waves	A kid rides the waves on a surfboard.	
A clock that is on a wooden wall.	Two clocks, various tools, a thermos, and a bunch of cords.	A white and brown clock on a wooden wall.	The clock is being displayed to be viewed	a clock that is hanging on a wall	
A large black and silver clock in a display case.	a small clock that is in side of a case	A square black clock is on a clear glass table.	A large metal clock in a clear display.	A wind up clock with key in a display case.	
a tiled kitchen with some appliances inside of it 	A white kitchen with items strewn on the counter tops.	A cluttered kitchen with white cabinets and tiled floor.	A modern if messy modern kitchen white with red accents	A kitchen with a lot of items sitting out. 	
A large group of zebra standing in a dirt field.	Four zebras are walking on the ground in a corral.	A herd of zebra walking across a dirt field.	A beautiful day to walk together for four zebra in their display area.	a couple of zebras are standing in a field	
A person walking down a sidewalk at night.	a street sign on an urban street in the dark	A person walking down a sidewalk on a busy street at night.	A city street in the dark; perhaps a solar eclipse.	Busy city street at night while pedestrian walks on sidewalk	
A restroom with urinals, sinks, and a mirror.	A couple of white wall mounted urinals sitting over a blue floor.	a mens bathroom with a blue floor and two sinks 	A public bathroom with urinals and sinks in it.	A very clean public restroom for men. 	
Assorted food items displayed on trays with condiments on table.	A BUFFET SPREAD OF AN ARRAY OF FOODS 	A shelf in a store with varieties of foodstuffs	A spread of food lays prepared on the table.	A view of a bunch of food in a deli setting.	
a boy that is surfing in some water	A person on a surfboard riding in the water and waves.	A man that is standing on a surfboard in the water.	A boy on a surf board ducks under a wave.	The young surfboarder maintains his balance as the wave breaks around him	
A blue motorcycle is parked on the street next to a truck.	A blue motorcycle parked in front of a white truck.	A blue motorcycle that is parked on the street.	A motorcycle is parked in front of a truck.	A motorcycle is parked on cobblestones near a Ford truck.	
A bathroom counter lined with lots of metal sinks.	three very clean sinks in a public restroom	many different sinks near one another with mirrors	A row of sinks in a public restroom.	A row of sinks and mirrors in a rest room	
A dump truck parked by the side of a road. 	A white Mack truck parked beside the road.  	a truck parked on the side on a road	A dump truck is parked on the side of a road.	A large dump truck at a construction site 	
A close up of a plane with several people around it on the ground.	airplane workers doing an inspection before the plane leaves.	A white plane has a black front and is at the airport	A Japanese jet with workers walking up to it	A large passenger jet sitting on an airport tarmac.	
Boiled eggs, tea and donuts on a picnic table	A disply of fresh donuts on a picnic table.	A wooden table with several donuts and eggs.	many doughnuts on wax paper on a table 	There are some eggs,doughnuts and two drinks displayed on some white paper or cloth.	
a kid eating a cake on  table looking around	A young boy sits at a table with his head in his hand.	The child poses with a fork on his dessert plate.	a kid leaning on a table next to a plate with some food on it 	A young boy wearing a striped shirt eating some food. 	
A group of women are sitting on a bed.	A group of four woman on top of a bed.	Black and white photograph of women laying on bed.	Four people are laying and sitting on a bed.	Four women are posing on top of a bed.	
people with their head covered on a motorbike	Those people have veils over their face while they are  riding the motorcycle.	Old black and white scene of two people on motorcycle passing a pedestrian.	Two people are riding on a motorcycle past a man.	Two people with helmets riding motorcycle past pedestrian.	
The man is flying a kite at the beach.	a man is flying a kite at the beach	people are at the beach some playing in water, a man is flying his kite	A man is flying a kite on a beach.	A man is flying a kite at the beach.	
Three pizzas sitting next to each other in boxes.	Two smaller pizzas sit beside a large pizza topped with tortilla chips.	Three pizzas inside their delivery boxes, one with two side orders of sauce.	One pizza is larger than two other pizzas.	Three pizza boxes with pizza in them are open.	
A TV sitting in a room at the end of a bed.	A television in a bedroom turned on in the dark.	A TV sitting at the end of a bed, with drapes on it.	The television is in front of the lavish bed	a television is at the end of a bed	
A row of buses sitting next to each other in front of a tall building.	A couple of buses are parked next to each other. 	A row of transit buses of different colors parked together.	A line of buses parked along a wall by a building.	there are many different busses that are parked next to each other	
There is a man with a helmet riding a motorcycle.	A person wearing a helmet and backpack riding a motorcycle on the street.	Man on a motorcycle driving down a road next to a van.	A motorcycle drives on a road past a small car in front of a building.	A boy in a blue shirt rides a red motorcycle through the streets.	
A man throwing a frisbee to his friend standing in his yard.	A person with a big dipper tatoo throwing a frisbee to a man in a yard.	A person reaching out their hand towards a white frisbee.	A person that is standing in grass with a frisbee.	Frisbee barely thrown away from hand with intended target person.	
A herd of zebra in a grassy field under a field	Small group of adult zebras standing under a tree. 	a group of zebras under a huge shade tree in the middle of a grassy field	Four zebras gather together beneath the shade of a tree on the grass-swept plain.	A group of zebras standing beside a tree.	
A group of avaitors standing on an airport runway.	Five military aviators stand looking at planes at an airfield in a valley. 	A group of people are gathered around an airplane. 	A group of pilots standing next to each other.	A group of men looking at  a plane on the runway	
A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.	an  image of a guy that is on skiis	A man in a red snowsuit riding a snowboard.	A person wearing cold weather attire on a snow board.	A man in a snow suit snowboarding down a slope.	
A woman and a kid in a room.	A woman sitting next to a  child while holding a smart phone.	A woman sits on a couch with a child sitting next to her	a women sitting next to a child on a bed	A woman sits next to her small child who is holding pens.	
A bird sitting on a branch outside above rocks.	A small bird standing on top of a rock near grass.	A very cute little bird standing on some rocks.	A bird on a branch on the ground 	A brown bird perched on a sick in the woods.	
A glazed donut hanging from a metal rod.	A tasty looking treat hanging on a car antenna.	A donut on the antenna of a car.	A donut put around an antenna on a car 	There is a donut sitting on the car.	
a pink clock tower rises above a tree line	Palm trees are in the foreground of a picture with a clock tower standing above them.	A large tall building with a clock on the top.	a tall clock tower with bushes and trees in the foreground	A red clock tower towering over a lush green park.	
An elephant with tusks is on the grassy ground.	Sad looking elephant standing in a field in Africa	Large elephant posing with its trunk in its mouth.	An elephant with large tusk grazing on a grassy field.	An elephant with tusks looks tired and away.	
a small child is inside of a blue case	A small child sleeping in the front of a pull along suit case.	A little kid sitting in a suit case	a little kid sleeping on a blue suitcase	A child is halfway inside a piece of luggage. 	
A man and two children paddle on top of a surfboard. 	Adult male taking children for a ride on surfboard.	There are several people on the water trying to surf.	a couple of people that are on a surfboard	Two children are riding a surfboard with a man.	
A meal laid out on a table outside at a restaurant.	A spread of food including sandwich, salad and drinks.	two people at a cafe table eating sandwiches with drinks	two burgers sit on a plate with a side of salad	Display of several different foods and drinks while outside	
A man is walking while holding a racket on a tennis court.	Someone is playing a game of tennis with racket in hand.	A close up view of a lawn sprinkler with a man walking past in the background. 	A close up of a tennis racket with a guy in the background.	A man holding a tennis racket walks on a tennis court, with a gate as the main focus.	
A herd of sheep grazing on a lush green hillside.	Oxen grazing on grass in an open valley.	A dog and some sheep in a field	Cows and brown lambs grassing in a green field.	A herd of sheep grazes peacefully on a green hillside.	
A large church building with a massive clock tower.	a church building with a tall narrow clock tower	A church with a clock stands behind a fence	Large brick building with a clock tower at its height. 	a tall tower with a clock on top	
Bunch of cows walking through the grass behind a car	A group of cows is running down a path in the field.	Animals walking on the grass by the rocks and trees. 	There are some cows standing in a grassy field	A bunch of cows roaming a grassy field during the day.	
A bird standing in the wooded area with leaves all around. 	A  PHOTO OF A RED JUNGLE FOWL STANDING ON LEAVES 	a chicken standing in the dry brown leaves	This wild bird is walking on twigs and leaves.	A red and brown bird walking through brush of the same color.	
A man standing in a field flying a kite.	A man flying a kite on a cloudy day.	A man flying a yellow and black kite.	A man flying a kite in a field.	A man is flying a kite in a field.	
A kid tries to do a skateboard trick while sitting down.	A person is kneeling on a skateboard with one knee. 	A young man riding a skateboard down a street.	A man in black jacket riding a skateboard on street.	a man kneels on a skateboard on the street	
A fleet of semi trucks driving through orange traffic cones.	A semi truck is driving through orange cones.	a man walking up to a semi parked in a parking lot	A couple of parked trucks in the parking lot	Semi trucks on a parking lot with orange cones.	
a cat sitting on a table next to a tv in a living room.	One cat sitting in front of the television screen.	A cat sitting in front of a flat screen TV.	Cat sitting on cabinet in front of large screen television.	there is a cat that is sitting in front of a tv	
A man standing on a blue tennis court holding a racquet.	A tennis player standing on a tennis court looking up.	a tennis player looking up a the ball	A tennis player standing with bent knees and looking upwards.	There is a tennis player looking up at the ball	
A giraffe and a boar standing at the side of a pond.	A giraffe standing on the side of a pond of water.	a giraffe rinsk soem wate rin a nice pond	Two animals are standing by a pool of water.	A giraffe is looking at the camera while standing by the water.	
A boy and a girl trying to fly a kite.	Two teenagers are flying a kite near some trees.	A man holding a kite while a girl tries to fly it.	A boy helps a girl get her kite off the ground	Two people flying a multicolored Mickey Mouse kite.	
A wig sitting next to a pair of shoes on top of a table.	Items are sitting about for Chinese dress up fashion.	A cluttered collection of various items including a wig, shoes, umbrella and a photo.	A pair of sandals, an umbrellas and other items are piled onto a table.	A table full of many diffrent house hold items	
A black and white cat laying on top of a computer keyboard.	A black and white cat resting on a computer keyboard.	A black and white cat lying on a computer keyboard.	A kitten sitting on a clean table top sleeps	A cat sitting on a desk with its legs across the keyboard.	
A woman in a very short white skirt holding a tennis racquet.	a girl in purple and white playing tennis	A woman in a purple shirt and white tennis skirt is playing tennis.	A woman swinging a tennis racquet at a ball.	A woman swinging a racket at s tennis ball. 	
A  man in a hat riding a horse	A man who is riding a speckled horse.	A man wearing a hat riding a gray and white horse.	A man is riding a horse in front of several buildings. 	The man wearing a pink shirt rides a horse.	
A group of men standing around a sidewalk together.	men staning in the street and holding cell phones	All of these men are using their cell phones.	A group of people on a sidewalk with their mobile phones.	Men are standing on the street behind a barrier, using their cell phones.	
A clock is sitting on the tank of a toilet.	A toilet with a speedometer on top of it	An odometer sitting on the back of a toilet.	A toilet bowl with some kind of a meter on top.	Closed toilet in corner with a "boombox" resting on it.	
some luggage and a back back sitting on teh ground next to a lap top	A suitcase and a laptop sit on a bedroom floor	Two pieces of luggage sitting near a dresser and laptop.	A bedroom with a laptop, suitcase and backpack on the floor.	Corner of a bedroom with a laptop and luggage on a floor.	
a machine to make a drink placed on a table	A blender with a jar on it upside down	a glass mug with a handle turned upside down and screwed into a plastic base	THERE IS A STATUE THAT IS ON DISPLAY 	A glass mug is on top of a black appliance.	
A giraffe grazing on a tree in the wilderness with other wildlife	Several giraffes eating leaves from the ground and tree.	Two giraffes and another animal in a field.	Several giraffe eating the leaves from neighboring trees.	Giraffes are feeding on the trees and grass.	
A man cutting up food on top of a plate.	a man is cutting into some food with a plastic knife	A man is cutting into something on a plate.	A man cutting into his food with plastic utensils. 	There is a person that is cutting food	
A cake shaped as a Teddy Bear on a wooden table.	A bear shaped birthday cake with candles on a table.	A decorative frosted teddy bear 30th birthday cake.	A cake shaped like a teddy bear sits on a platter.	A gray teddy bear cake on top of a wooden bench.	
A lone, blue and orange bird sits on a bare tree.	The colorful bird is perched on the delicate branch.	A small blue, brown and white bird sitting on a branch.	A SMALL ORANGE AND BLUE BIRD HANGING ON A BRANCH 	A small blue bird sits in a leafless tree	
A man and a woman eating lunch outside while sitting under a large umbrella.	Picture of boardwalk with tables covered by large umbrellas	A couple sits under an umbrella oustide a store. 	two people sit on a patio under an umbrella on the deck of a restaurant	Two people that are sitting in chairs under an umbrella.	
Food items in basket with wine glass on table.	a couple of sandwiches are sitting on a table	some sandwiches wrapped in white paper and a drink	There are two sandwiches in the basket lined with paper.	a basket that has some kind of sandwich on it	
A line of ovens are on a wall in a kitchen.	Four ovens in a kitchen area on a tiled floor.	Industrial ovens are stacked on top of each other.	Some big commercial ovens that are double stacked under a hood.	A kitchen with four pizza ovens and an exhaust hood.	
A yellow schoolbus with a woman spread out in front of it.	A woman standing with her arms in the air next to a school bus.	A woman poses for a picture outside a painted school bus. 	A woman posing with arms open in front of a graffiti'ed bus.	A proud young woman stands in front of a school bus painted with the words "Food is Free".	
A cart stacked with several pieces of packaged items at a pickup location of a store.	A couple of people and some suitcases in a room.	People are waiting next to a luggage cart filled with boxes.	a couple of people waiting in front of a pull cart 	Boxes, a rug, containers, and luggage sitting on cart.	
A man standing on a  boat holding a knife.	A man is working on his fishing line.	A man on a boat preparing his fishing pole.	A man is cutting his fishing line on the boat.	FISHERMAN WITH A POLE HOLDING NEEDLE NOSE PLIERS	
A little girl wearing safety gear while standing on a skate park.	Girl in white helmet at skatepark with skateboarder in the background.	A young girl is near a skateboarding park ramp.	A WOMAN IS STANDNG WITH A HELEMT ON HER	A small boy and girl skateboarding with helmets on.	
A washer, sink and a refrigerator all in a corner room?	A kitchen that has a refrigerator next to a sink.	The small area in the apartment is clean and ready for us to use.	A small refrigerator, sink and a stove next to each other.	a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and a washing machine 	
Four bowls filled with different types of food.	Bowls of freshly cooked vegetables, pasta and banana pudding	An assortment of different foods in bowls on a table	An assortment of vegetarian foods in bowls on a black table.	A meatless dinner is arranged nicely in bowls.	
Two desks rigged to look like the drivers seats of race cars are at the foot of a bed.	The bedside is equipped with dual bucket seating and tables for video gaming.	Bed room scene with car bucket seats on end of queen sized bed, brightly lit by sun shining though window. 	two actual car seats set up with video game driving wheels at the end of a bed	A picture of a bedroom with two chairs in it.	
A man on a bike near people on a bench	A nice park setting area with bikers and others around.	a man on a bike rides by some other people	a person riding a bike on a grass field	A group of people standing around and riding bikes.	
various food dishes laid out on the floor.	A dinner of Asian food at a restaurant.	A floor covered in bowls and plates filled with foods.	Overhead view of a breakfast, with lots of little dishes.	a bunch of food sit inside of dish ware 	
A laptop resting on a wooden table near a silver kettle.	An open laptop computer sitting on top of a wooden desk.	a tea kettle a brown mug cup and a laptop	A laptop is set up on a table with books and tea placed around.	A table cluttered with items including a laptop, papers, books, and a teapot.	
A woman holding a tooth brush while wearing black.	A woman holds a toothbrush and smiles in a bathroom setting.	A woman holds up her toothbrush in the bathroom.	A woman in black holding up a toothbrush	A woman is in the bathroom, wearing black, and holding a toothbrush.	
an image of two zebras in the middle of the wilderness	Two zebras are standing in a field of dry grasses.	Two zebras in the bush in the wild.	Mama and baby zebras standing in a dry, grassy area	TWO ZEBRAS FACING OPPOSITE DIRECTION IN THE WILD	
Woman riding a horse over a large jump on a running track.	A lady riding a brown horse over an obstacle.	A person is riding a horse over a gate.	The woman is riding her horse threw the course.	Woman jumping an obstacle on back of horse. 	
A number of signs pointing to different businesses.	A pole with lots of street signs hanging from it.	A pole witha severals signs on it with a building behind it.	A street sign with many different signs on it.	A street sign points out the direction of nearby buildings.	
A trunk full of backpacks and other bags.	The back of a car packed for vacation.	The back of a car loaded with suitcases and boots	The back of the car is full of duffel bags and a pair of boots. 	A trunk is packed with backpacks and boots.	
A cat laying on to of a car roof.	Orange and black cat sitting on the hood of a car.	A brown and black cat lying on top of a car.	a cat is resting on top of a car. 	A cat sitting on top of a convertible car in a carport. 	
A man and two children laying on surfboards in the sand.	A group of people riding on top of surfboards.	Kids and an adult are laying on a surfboard on the water.	a man with the kits sailing on the waters	A man and children balancing on surfboards in the water	
The sun shines through a window into a clean living room with a tile floor.	A living room with a rug curtains, chair and lamps	A living room filled with furniture and a flat screen TV.	A living room with a couch, two chairs, and a TV set.	a living room with a couch and a tv	
A baseball players stands at home plate, waiting for the next pitch.	a man playing ball with a blue hat on his head and a bat in his hand	A baseball player in a batting stance with other players watching.	A baseball player holding a bat getting ready to swing.	A batter prepares to hit a baseball pitch.	
A pair of scissors next to a package of top ramen.	An empty noodle packed with chopped up scallions on it	someone cutting up vegetables on a counter with scissors 	Some green onions chopped up on an instant ramen wrapper	a cut up veggie on top of empty ramen noodle package	
A large group of people flying kites beside a body of water	A park with kites flying in the bright blue sky.	A group of people in a park flying kites.	People outside along with many balloons next to the water.	A crowd of people standing on top of a field flying colorful kites.	
A picture loaded with much wonderful sustenance on table.	Bananas hang from a stand on the counter	A couple of bananas hanging from a metal hook.	two bananas on a paper towel hanger on a counter 	a banana holder a clock and some bananas	
A white electronic toilet with the seat open.	A toilet with button controls positioned on its right side arm.	A toilet with a dial pad, allowing it to perform different functions	A toilet with an open lid has a push button equipped arm for use by patrons. 	A shot of a toilet in an airplane bathroom.	
Two women playing tennis on a tennis court.	Two ladies are playing a game of tennis while people watch.	Two young women playing tennis while people watch.	a couple of people standing on some grass with rackets	A couple of women are playing tennis on astro turf.	
A little girl wearing pajamas is riding on a skateboard.	A little girl riding a skateboard down a road.	Young girl dressed in pink with striped pants with one foot on skate board on typical suburban street.	a girl is standing one foot on a skate board	A young girl in tennis shoes riding a skateboard.	
A skateboarder performing a stunt in an urban area.	a man on a skate board doing a trick on some cement 	A boy jumping his skateboard on a city plaza.	A young man skating on some stairs in a pavement	The skateboarder in the red hat is jumping near a cement bench.	
a number of motorcycles parked near one another 	Four motorcycles are parked by the side of the road.	a line of bikes that are next to the road	The motorcycles are parked next to each other.	Several motorcycles sitting parked on the side of the road near people.	
Several pictures of Asian style dishes and in the middle a person is eating.	Several pictures of food on a table at a restaurant. 	A multitude of pictures of Asian cuisine. 	a collage of photos with many plates of food	Assortment of finished meals displayed on a table.	
a couple of cats that are sitting on a fence	A cat eating out of a bowl beside another cat.	 couple of cats are standing on a ledge	two gray and white cats on a fence and plants	Two grey and white cats sitting on a deck rail and one cat is eating out of a bowl.	
a close up of a sandwich and a cup of food	A half eaten sandwich next to a partially eaten bowl of macaroni salad.	A sandwich, fork and bowl of macaroni sitting on a wrapper.	The sandwich with the macaroni salad is half eaten. 	A sandwich, a plastic white fork, and a bowl of green macaroni salad.	
A passenger train that has had some graffiti written on it.	A train with graffiti painted over the door.	A red and white train care with graffiti on its doors.	A passenger train marred with graffiti pauses at a station. 	The train door has been painted colorfully above the entrance.	
People are standing near a tall steeple with a clock.	A view of a clock tower, from across the way.	Several people stand in the shadow of a tall clock tower.	Domed bell tower above a clock tower on a building.	a large tower with a clock on it	
a man setting up his kite to fly 	A man about to fly a kite at sunset	a person flying a kite with a sky background	A silhouette of a man holding up a kite. 	A man holding a kite in his hand while standing in a field.	
A batter up at the plate in a baseball game 	A baseball player about to receive a pitch in a stadium full of people. 	Many fans are in a stadium watching a baseball game.	base ball players entertaining a crowd of spectators 	A batter at home plate waiting for a pitch.	
A woman holding a pink umbrella walking in the rain.	A woman holding an umbrella and standing near a grassy area.	a woman in a white jacket is holding an orange umbrella	A smiling woman holds an umbrella in the rain.  	a group of people outside holding umbrellas 	
A snow boarder riding down a snow covered summit.	A person struggling to get through deep snow .	A man is struggling to climb up a snow covered mountain.	A person slides down a steep, snowy mountain.	A person climbing up a snow covered mountain.	
A glass of reed wine sits next to a half empty bottle	a bottle next to a glass of wine	An open bottle and a glass of cabernet sauvignon wine.	A glass of red wine with the bottle sitting beside it.	a table that has a wine bottle and cups on it	
a small pepperoni pizza next to a fork	The  pizza  is cheesey wiith peporoni for the topping	A pepperoni pizza sitting on top of a white plate.	the pizza is on a plate with a fork next to it 	a small fully cooked pizza resting on plate next to a fork	
A skater performing a trick on a skateboard.	a man on a skate board hangs in the air 	A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.	A person is performing a trick on a skateboard. 	A skateboarder performing a jump off a ledge.	
A herd of sheep passing by people behind barriers.	People look at sheep walking in line to the back of a red truck.	Many grey sheep are being herded into the back of a truck.	many sheep in an enclosed area with people near by	People watching the unloading of a herd of sheep off a truck.	
People sitting under an umbrella looking at the scenery.	A person with a colorful umbrella sits on a fountain.	A man with a colored umbrella sits on a monument.	A man sis on a public area while holding an umbrella.	This is a photo of two people sitting on the ledge of a piece of city artwork.	
An old photo of a boy and girl skateboarding in a parking lot.	two people are riding their skateboards in a parking lot	A young boy riding a skateboard on a parking lot.	A young boy riding a skateboard down a parking lot.	a boy and a girl are skateboarding and some buildings	
A person leaning up against a metal rail while holding a rainbow colored umbrella.	A person is sitting under a colorful umbrella.	A person with a rainbow umbrella looking at the ocean	A person holding a multicolored umbrella looking at a body of water.	an image with a person holding an umbrella	
A group of people at the beach windsurfing.	A beach area with people on the sand and various kites flying overhead in the sky.	A bunch of kites flying in the sky on the beach.	A sea shore with a lot of kites flying in the air	People flying multicolored kites on a beach by the ocean.	
The furniture is posed in the room with a sign that says do not touch. 	The room is crowded with many things including chairs, a bicycle, and a table with cups on it.	A group of chairs sitting around a table.	A living area with a number of chairs	there is a small table with tea cups and three chairs around it	
A train is sitting beside a railroad track.	A train sitting in the grass near train tracks and people walking by. 	A train that is sitting beside train tracks.	A train is parked on the old tracks surrounded by grass.	Several train engines are lined up next to the main railroad track.	
A wooden table topped with the contents of a woman's purse.	Travel items are laid out neatly next to a purse.	The contents of a purse sitting on a table.	The contents of a handbag lie on the table next to a handbag.	A purse's contents have been emptied onto a table.	
A man on a snowy hill during the day.	A skier smiling while standing at the top of a mountain.	A man standing on a snowy hillside by skis and a snowboard.	A man wearing skis, smiling, on a mountain in the snow.	A smiling male skier posing near a snow covered hill.	
A herd of cattle and a dog hanging around on a hay covered ground.	A couple of cattle and a Labrador in the corral.	A group of cows standing around a small dog,	A sitting dog surrounded by four cows. 	White dog getting attention from cows in farm enclosure.	
A white kitchen filled with a refrigerator freezer.	a kitchen with a refrigerator a sink and a microwave	A kitchen with white cabinets and a wood floor.	An old, small, white, wooden kitchen with a microwave on the counter	All white kitchen and appliances in a narrow space.	
A man riding skis down a snow covered slope.	A person skiing down a mountain in the snow.	a big hill that has a bunch of snow on it	a man skiing down a hill by himself 	The man is skiing down the snowy slopes.	
A man is sitting on his motorcycle and ready to go. 	a man in a helmet riding a motorcycle on a rural road	a motorcycle rider a road and some rocks 	A man riding on the back of a motorcycle down a street.	A person on a motorcycle on the highway with rocky structures in the background.	
Several people standing in a green field together while flying kites.	Several people are flying kites in an open field of grass.	Several people are flying kites in a field.	Some people who are flying kites in a field.	A bunch of people are holding kites and the wind is blowing them on a grassy field.	
a person drinking something near a tv 	A woman takes a sip from a wine glass. 	A woman drinking out of a wine glass.	A woman holding a glass of red wine in front of a TV.	A woman holding a glass with a floor lamp and tv on in the background	
a couple of stuffed bears are on a bed	Stuffed toy bear with rubber green turtle displayed next to chair.	Three teddy bears that are sitting next to each other.	These stuffed animals are decor on a bed	The three teddy bears sit with their arms around each other.	
a plate with some pizza slices on it 	A homemade pizza served on a brown plate.	Someone is holding a plates of pizza outside.	An older person is serving a rustic looking pizza.	a person holds a plate with some food on it	
A man bending down next to a bicycle.	A man cleaning the parts of his bicycle.	A man checks his bicycle for damage before riding it.	An elderly man tending to his bicycle repairs.	A man checking his bicycle petal wearing flip flops.	
three people on a gravel ground playing frisbee	Two men in uniforms tossing a frisbee across gravel road.	some men in uniform standing around and playing with a frisbee	The man is throwing a frisbee to the other man.	Military man stand around outside with trucks in the background. 	
There is a blurry photo of a surfer walking out of the water	Blurry photograph of a surfer emerging from the ocean with his board	On a gray day a surfer carrying a white board walks on a beach.	A male walking out of the water holding a surf board.	A man walking near a shoreline with a surf board under his arm.	
A lap top computer on a wooden table out in a backyard. 	Two wooden benches and a picnic table with a laptop computer resting.	A wooden bench sitting in the middle of a forest.	A wooden bench and a table with a laptop on top of it	The laptop is left open outside by the bench. 	
a person walks along a beach as some bird play in the water 	A woman walking in the sand near the water where birds are gathering.	Someone walking along the beach with a bunch of seagulls flying around.	A woman walking down a beach with a flock of seagulls in the water.	A person standing on a sandy beach near the ocean.	
a male skateboarder in a black shirt is doing a trick	A man flying through the air over steps.	a man that is skateboarding on a stariway	A man jumping some stairs on his skateboard.	A man doing a jumping trick off the top of a stone type staircase outdoors and the skateboard flipping over underneath him.	
A passenger train is sitting at a station.	A train that is going by some rocks in the day time.	A red and white train traveling down train tracks.	A train is full of of passengers as it pulls off from the station.	A white and red train at a train depot with passengers sitting inside.	
stop sign that says no vehicles past posts in front of building	Traffic warning sign on post near multiple story building.	there is a red and white sign that says stop no vehicles past post	The stop sign instructs no vehicles to pass.	A stop sign with a goofy looking animal head painted on it.	
Old rusted transit train cars sit on the tracks. 	An old train makes its way down the track in the country.	A train traveling down the track, with power lines in the back.	A small train is traveling on the railroad. 	An orange and white train makes its way down the track.	
A man catches a foamy wave on his surfboard.	A man wildly surfs across the rough waves.	A man on a surfboard in the water.	A surfer in a wet suit coming down the face of a wave.	Man on surfboard surfing on crashing waves 	
A bird is sitting on a bench in the grass.	A bird sitting on top of a bench in a  park.	A bird is perched on a park bench.	A bird sits on an empty park bench. 	A robin perches upon a park bench on a green lawn.	
A woman in red sitting on a park bench.	A monk in an orange robe sitting on top of a bench.	A man in a robe and flip flops sits on a bench.	View from behind of a bench with a woman sitting on it looking to one side, in a city setting.	A man sits by himself on the bench. 	
A flower arrangement is standing on a table in a very ornately decorated area.	Multi-color flowers in a pearl vase sitting on a table draped with a gold cloth.	A bouquet of flowers decorates a gilded room with a tapestry.	A shiny, silver vase holds a colorful bouquet of flowers beside an elegant looking chair, in front of a floral print design, behind a gold colored rail.	A bouquet of flowers on a table next to a chair.	
A black and white image of a train on tracks	A train is sitting on the tracks under a building.	Old locomotive in motion through rail yard in desperation	A train sitting on the track at the station.	A very old train parked at a station in a black and white photo.	
A person is hitting a ball with a racket	A graphite tennis racket hits a tennis ball.	a close up of a racket hitting a ball 	A tennis racket being held by a person and balancing a tennis ball at the top of the racket.	A close up shot of a tennis racket striking a tennis ball	
A toilet with the seat open sitting in a bathroom. 	A square shaped toilet and a wall urinal in a bathroom.	Square white toilet and urinal in a men's bathroom.	a small toilet with a square lid and low to the floor	An open toilet seat next to a urinal. 	
a dog sits on a chair behind a glass 	Small dog sitting on display behind the window. 	A chihuahua sits in a window display with a price tag.	A store's display window with two adorable Chihuahua dog statues.	a dog is siting behind a large window	
 a dog running towards a frisbee in the air 	A dog running towards a frisbee on some grass and leaves.	A tan dog running in the grass after a frisbee	A person is in the distance while a brown dog is in midair and is running after a frisbee.	A brown dog chasing a frisbee in a field	
A baby crib is in the living room under the television.	A living room with gold walls has a playpen and mounted television.	A living room contains various baby objects and a TV	A living room filled with a baby play pen, flat screen TV and furniture.	Half of a new parent's living room during the day.	
A group of giraffe standing next to each other in a field.	Eight giraffes mill around the courtyard of their enclosure	giraffes standing by each other in a fenced off area	A group of giraffes stand on red dirt in a protected area.	At least nine giraffes live in the enclosure.	
Several zebras on a plain, grazing and congregating.	Green hilly landscape with zebras in the foreground.	Herd of zebra eating grass with hills in the distance.	A grassy field with four zebras standing in it.	Some zebras grazing in an open field near some hills.	
A display in  a store filled with carrots, cauliflower and greens.	An array of vegetables is displayed in wooden boxes.	A lot of vegtables all put up into crates .	A produce stand with carrots, onions, cauliflower and beets.	Crates of carrots, cauliflower, celery, radishes, and onions.	
A woman with an umbrella kneels near a child, who also has an umbrella.	A woman is standing next to a kid wearing a raincoat holding an umbrella.	 a happy smiling little girl holding a ladybug umbrella and wearing a ladybug coat	A small child and a woman pose while holding umbrellas.	A woman standing with a girl with a polka dot umbrella.	
A large brown dog sitting in front of a paw shaped cake with a lit candle.	A dog looking at a birthday cake shaped like a dog's paw 	A dog looks down at a cake with a candle. 	A brown dog looking at the lit candle on the doggy birthday cake	A large dog sitting in front of a cake.	
two giraffes in a field with many trees	Two giraffes walk on green grass in their zoo enclosure	Two giraffes walking around an enclosure with each other	Two large giraffe are walking close to a dead tree.	The two giraffes are perched on the wood.	
Stormtrooper figurines sit on the ground near a fence. 	Action figures are positioned to resemble a real life event.	A lego toy set replicates real life figures.	Star Wars toys are posed with a skateboard and umbrella.	A Star Wars scene with toy figures with skateboard and umbrella.	
A piece of strawberry cheese cake with a fork on a plate.	A plate with a piece of fruit cheese cake and whip cream on the side.	A piece of cake and a fork are resting on a plate.	There is a piece of cake an a fork on the plate.	a picture of cheesecake with whipcream on a fork	
A table topped with a plate of food next to eating utensils.	A table with three plates with food and a man and a woman both holding utensil near plates.	two people seated at a dining table with a plate of food before them	there are two people sitting at a table eating	Two people sitting at a table eating.  	
A man laying on his back in a field of grass while holding onto a parachute style kite that is flying in the sky above him.	An mal laying on the ground flying a kite.	A man laying on the grass flying a kite. 	The person is lying on the ground and  flying a kite outside.	A man lying in a field flying a kite.	
A couple of people standing on top of a field flying a kite.	Two men and a kite flying near the shore.	A person flies a kite on the edge of a coastal cliff while another person stands and watches.	Two guys fly a colorful kite next to a large body of water.	Two adults trying to fly a kit on a overcast day. 	
A young person laying their head next to a green plate.	A boy leaning down to his plate of eggs and tomato.	A child is smiling over a plate of food.	There is a person with his head near a plate of food.	the boy has his head placed near his meal	
A man riding a skateboard up the side of a cement ramp.	A man on a skateboard is in a pool	A person on a skateboard falls off of it.	A skate boarder at the end of a trick losing his skate board.	A person doing tricks on a skateboard about to fall	
A counter with extension cords, a toaster oven and a laptop.	A kitchen has wires hanging down from a computer.	an image of a kitchen setting with various cords hanging	Many wires hang over the edge of a counter with electronics on it.	a counter with a toaster over and an open laptop sitting on it.	
Cat laying on top of a dog on a leash.	A gray cat with a leash on lays on top of a black and brown dog.	a gray and black cat is sitting on a black and brown dog	A large black and brown dog with a cat on it.	The man's pets are resting on the sidewalk, the cat relaxing on the dog's back	
A motorcycle is in a parking lot with a helmet on top.	A motorcycle parked in a parking lot next to trees.	A motorcycle parked in a parking lot with a helmet on the seat.	A motorcycle is parked in an empty parking lot.	A motorcycle with a helmet on it is parked in a parking lot.	
A baseball taking a swing at a ball	A man swinging a baseball bat during a baseball game.	A man playing baseball in a stadium with spectators.	A baseball game is in motion as a batter takes a swing.	Fans in the stands are watching a baseball player swing at a pitch.	
Four people gathered at a steel table with utensils. 	A group of people are wrapping silverware from baskets	A group of people standing around a kitchen preparing food.	A group of young people wiping off silverware.	Several young people preparing food from wicker baskets	
a large sidewalk is filled with people walking around 	A group of people walking down a street past a street light.	a very large group of people outside a building	some people on a street with umbrellas and some buildings	A large crowd of people who are holding umbrellas.	
a black and white photo of an old car on a street	A photograph of an outside with numerous things in the scene.	A man driving a vintage truck with a dog riding beside him.	a fireman and a dog sitting in one of the first fire engines made	An old fashioned fire truck driving down a street.	
A very tasty looking fruit salad on a piece of pita bread.	A plate of sliced fruit on top of a tortilla.	A combination of raw mixed fruit on a flat, open pastry shell.	A plate with  a crepe covered with fresh cut fruit.	A fruit salad piled on top of flat bread.	
A big zebra and a little zebra standing and looking.	A picture of two zebras a mother and child it appears.	A zebra and its foal are standing in a grassy area.	Two zebras standing in a dry, brown field.	A small and large zebra are in the dirt.	
A man holding his cell phone in his hand. 	A man us holding a clip Baird and looking at simething	A man with a clipboard and blue tooth headset looking at his cell phone	The man is sing his cellphone while standing holding a clipboard.	A man in a blue shirt and ear piece holds a clip board.	
Old fashioned computers are lined up on a desk.	Electronic keyboard and computers on display on long table.	A row of computers and keyboards on a table.	A computer keyboard sitting on top of a desk.	This row of keyboards and mouses are sitting on a table in front of computer monitors.	
A white horse is out eating in a field	A white horse is chewing ferns in a wooded valley	The white horse is standing beside tall plants. 	A horse standing on top of a grass covered field.	a white horse grazing on some vegetation 	
A large bouquet of flowers in a vase one being a sunflower.	A counter holding a CD case, cellphone and sunflower.	Sunflowers sit in a clear glass container on a shelf.	A desk by a window with flowers on it.	Sunflowers in a clear glass vase on a desk.	
A man that is sitting on a moped.	The guy is travelling on his motorcycle outside.	A man riding around on a scooter with luggage on his lap.	asian man on motorcycle with a large load of cardboard boxes	a person riding a scooter with folded cardboard	
People standing around a table with plates on it.	people having a cookout celebration in their backyard	a party with orange and pink decoration and food	A group of people standing around a table.	A few people are eating food at a party.	
A man riding a surfboard on top of a wave.	The man rides in the wave, beautifully balanced on his surfboard.	A surf boarder rides his board in the ocean.	A surfer is surfing in the ocean during the day.	A surfer wearing a black and blue wet suit surfing in the ocean.	
A vase sitting on top of a table filled with flowers.	A vase of purple wildflowers on an outdoor table.	Purple flowers in a vase on a table	Deck chairs stand against a blue table, atop which sits a purple vase with lilacs in it. 	Purple flowers sit in a vase atop an outdoor table.	
a toilet that has some bubbles coming out of it	A toilet with cleaning bubbles filling the bowl.	cleaning a toilet with bubbles and plungers 	A white toilet with a foamy bowl next to a window.	a toilet with soap suds in it 	
People are in the water with kites flying over them.	The photo shows the many ways to enjoy the beach--kite flying, bathing, lying in the sun, walking along the sand.	Several para sailors on choppy water under a cloudy sky.	A few para-surfers on the water near a beach.	People are windsurfing near a beach on a cloudy day.	
A bedroom with a fancy bedroom set and linens.	A very colorful, plush bedroom in some sort of a resort is quite garish. 	A bedroom has a silky bedspread and pillows.	An elegantly decorated bedroom setting with palm trees.	Artistic metal furniture such as bed,dressing table, table etc.	
a little boy that is hitting a baseball ball	This small child is hitting a tee ball	The child in the black helmet is swinging at a tee ball stand.	A boy playing t-ball wearing a helmet outside	A small child hits the ball off of the tee	
Two women are standing at a store near boxes of produce.	A large selection of bananas and other fruits.	Two women and a man standing in a grocery store with fruit stand and scale in front.	Some people are standing by a fruit stand outside	A fruit stand that is filled with various fruits.	
An aircraft is overtaken by maintenance workers as it sits on a landing.	A plane on the tarmac on a wet, cloudy day. 	a large air plane on an air port run way	An airplane is on a tarmac surrounded by cars.	The large aircraft is on the tarmac next to the vehicles.	
Boys and men are lined up for a group photo.	A group of school boys in their uniforms posing for a picture.	a bunch of kids and adults are sitting together	Men and boys are posed for a group photo.	An old black and white photo of people posing for a picture.	
A skateboarder performing a trick on a skateboard.	A skateboarder performing a trick down a concrete staircase.	A skateboarder doing a trick next to steps	A skateboarder wearing a DC shirt is doing tricks on a rail.	A young man riding a skateboard down a rail.	
Photo of airplane wing as the plane flies in the blue sky.	An airplane's wing is gliding over a mountain.	A view from inside of an airplane showing the wing and some mountains.	The wing of an airplane with mountains in the background.	The view from the seat of a plane in flight.	
A very tall building sitting along side of a street.	A large building is shown next to a busy street with cars on it.	this large building has a tower that has a clock on it	Traffic passing in front of a cathedral type building	Cars driving by an old building and clock tower.	
One light brown cow with hay in it's mouth.	A cow that is standing in the grass.	Cow tethered with chain eating hay in outdoor field.	A brown cow standing on top of a grass covered field.	A cow tied to a rope is eating hay	
Female tennis player swinging racket for a high ball.	Woman in a blue tennis outfit swinging at a ball on a court. 	A woman in blue swinging a tennis racket.	A girl follows through on her swing while playing tennis.	A woman is striking a tennis ball outside	
A giraffe is walking in a grassy field as a cow is laying down.	A group of tourists looking at some wild animals.	A buggy full of tourists pass a giraffe and a yak.	A giraffe that is walking around a safari bus.	A giraffe standing in a field next to a long horned bull.	
A man with a suit and tie about to speak	A picture of a picture of a man wearing a tie.	A photo of a man in suit and tie on the television.	A man in business attire with a striped tie,	A MAN WITH A TIE IS ON THE TELEVISON 	
A tall white clock tower inside of a tall building.	Steeple and clock of on the face of a building.	A black and white photo of a building with a clock on it.	A decorated building with a clock within a dome near the top.	Large marble looking building with a steeple top.	
three pieces of art made in white with gold details.	there are three different plates with decorations on it	This picture looks like three circular beige pastries.	Most of the picture can not be seen.	three circular object laying on their side with a section sliced out	
A man on a surfboard riding a wave.	a male surfer in red trunks and a white board	A man on surfboard riding in the middle of a wave.	A man surfing in a bright blue ocean.	A man on a surfboard in the midst of an ocean wave.	
a ship sitting out on the ocean not moving	The ship is docked next to a larger ship.	A sailing ship is docked in the water.	A large black and white boat floating in the ocean.	A black and white boat anchored at a boat dock.	
A women who is standing by a barb wire fence.	A woman walking past a fence with animals on it.	The woman wearing a coat stands near sheep behind a fence.	a little kid walks next to a fence and sheep 	A woman stands in the forefront with some livestock behind her in a field near a house on the ocean.	
A five way stop sign on a street corner lined with trees	A city warning sign is displayed on a street.	 a stop sign on a wooden pole with a street name stenciled on it	A red stop sign sitting on the side of a road.	A red stop sign that is on top of a pole.	
A group of men playing frisbee in the park.	Men in a park with a white frisbee.	A group of young men playing a game of frisbee.	A couple of men playing frisbee against each other on a field.	Several young men playing frisbee on a field.	
A very big room full of people with fancy chandeliers.	Several people mingle in a regal room with fancy chandeliers.	A group of people at some sort of function 	A group of people standing in a building on a red carpet.	A crowd of people in formal wear in a lavish reception area	
A tent in a forest next to a silver and brown RV.	a camp site and a trailer on the road	Two pictures of a tent and a bus.	Two juxtaposed pictures show a tent and a motor home.	There is a tent with a photo of a bus under it.	
Baseball players are in action as a crowd watches.	A baseball hitter batting a pitched ball with a catcher.	Player #11 swings the bat hard at the ball.	A baseball player currently in mid swing during a game.	A baseball player taking a swing during a game.	
a kitchen with a window some cupboards 	A kitchen with a window that has bars on it.	A kitchen with white cabinets and a black stove.	A lightly colored kitchen showing counters and cabinets, with a sliding glass patio door.	A light is shining through a kitchen window.	
Two men, one dressed as a Roman warrior and using the phone, standing outside.	A man in armor smokes and talks on a phone.	Man in medevil cosplay smoking a cigarette and talking on the phone next to an old man.	An elderly man stands next to a large armor clad youth.	A man in a gladiator costume talking on a cell phone and another man without a costume.	
A group of people standing on a beach flying a red kite.	Adults at beach flying kite with rocky protrusions in water and cliff in background.	A group of people that are in the sand with a kite.	A few people are standing on the beach flying a kite.	a group of people on a beach flying a kite 	
A herd of sheep standing next to each other on dirt ground.	Crowded sheep of different colors stand in an enclosure.	A very large herd of sheep of all different colors.	Furry goats and other animals in a crowded pen.	a close up of a lot of animals with a fence	
A large bed sitting beside a night stand.	A lavish hotel room with a comfy bed.	a bed well made with white bed cover	A bedroom with a bed that has white and turquoise sheets.	A big white big with a night stand next to it in a big room.	
A living room with a hard wood floor and a dinning room table nearby.	a dining room with chairs and a table and a mirror	A dinning room and entry hall view through arched doorways.	The inside of a house with a dining room.	A dining room and living room are connected by an open arch	
A herd of elephants walking next to each other.	A pack of elephants are trampling in the sand.	The herd of elephants include adults and young ones.	A herd of elephants are walking among the desert.	There is a herd of elephants walking together.	
A pink city bus at a bus stop.	A pink bus with a duck advertisement on the side	A pink bus is driving down the street	A pink bus is parked next to the curb.	A pink and white bus parked next to sidewalk and people.	
some people riding some bikes right by some boats 	A group of people riding bikes down a sidewalk near a train.	A bunch of bicyclists are traveling down the road. 	a group of people on bikes ride own an alley	a line of bicycle riders in bright shirts biking down a sidewalk	
A group of people standing around an elephant.	Two people are on the walkway with an elephant. 	An elephant is being guided through a park.	Two people are leading an elephant up stairs	a big elephant walks down a walk way 	
A woman wearing a red tennis outfit holding onto a racquet.	This tennis player is happy to be in the game.	a person smiling holding a tennis racket near a bush	Woman in red outfit holding a tennis racket in her hand. 	Lady wearing a red tennis outfit holding a racket and laughing.	
A gold colored pair of scissors cutting into a piece of bejeweled fabric with other bejeweled items in the background.	A pair of gold scissors laying on a bag of decorations.	A pair of golden scissors are being used for crafts	A pair of golden scissors next to multiple buttons.	Fancy curved cutting gold colored scissors with decorative flowers.	
A group of people and a girl holding a cell phone.	Two people in a group with one holding up a phone.	a woman holds up a cell phone in a crowd	A woman shows off her cell phone at a gathering of tourists. 	Young people with cameras taking pictures of themselves.	
The woman is taking a picture in the bathroom mirror. 	A picture of a woman in a mirror. 	A woman's midsection reflected in a round mirror.	A circular mirror reflecting a woman's stomach in turquoise shirt.	A selfie taken of a person from the neck down. 	
A sculpture of a woman is laying in an all-white bed.	A woman sits under the sheet on a mattress on the floor.	a woman a white mat and pillow and white wall	A sad woman laying on a mattress on a hardwood floor.	A woman lying on a thin mattress on the floor with her knees up.	
Woman eating a hot dog standing in front of a fountain.	A woman holding a hot dog in front of a water fountain.	A woman is posing by a statue with a hot dog.	A woman sits in front of the fountain holding the hot dog	A lady with a hot dog in front of a statuesque fountain.	
An elephant in the water inside its exhibit.	An elephant in an enclosure walking in a water hole.	An elephant in a water hole under a waterfall.	an elephant is enjoying a swim in his pen	An elephant is walking in the water by a fence.	
Surf boards lay on the sand in front of booths.	Rows of surfboards line the beach as people walk by.	A bunch of surf boards laid out on the ground near a surfing promotional stand.	Surfboards are lined up on a beach and people are meeting under canopies.	Many surfboards laying out in the open near people.	
Two giraffes that are standing together in a field.	two large giraffes that are looking around outside	two tall giraffes in the forest gazing around	A giraffe stands next to another giraffe next to foliage. 	A head and neck of one giraffe and only the neck of another.	
Man in blue striped shirt playing Nintendo Wii.	A man with a remote control looking at a television.	A man is playing Wii Bowling on a small television.	The man with the Wii controller is smiling.	A man with a blue and white striped shirt playing with a Wii in front of his TV set. 	
A white and black dog standing on wooden floor by a cake.	A pug dog looking down at a birthday cake on the floor.	a dog looking at a cake on the ground	A dog looking at a cake decorated with a name and number.	A dog is observing a small cake, probably for it. 	
A man with a polka dotted tie, dress shirt and wool sweater on.	a person wearing a tie and a sweater vest 	A brown tie with yellow spots matched with a grey vest and a white shirt.	a close up of a brown tie with white polka dots	a picture of a polka dot pattern tie	
A man riding a snowboard down a snow covered slope.	an image of a person on skiis going the slope	a snow boarder doing a small jump by the side of a hill 	a person jumping a snow board in the air	A snowboarder does a trick in the air.	
some people are sitting on a bench in front of a boat	A couple are sitting on a bench next to a lake	A white sail boat sitting on top of a body of water.	A pair of people sit on a bench watching a sailboat pass in the distance.	Two people who are sitting on a bench near the water.	
A fancy toilet, including a sink on the back and controls on the side.	A bathroom has a toilet with electronic functions. 	A toilet with attached sink and a panel of buttons.	A white electronic toilet sitting in a bathroom.	A high-tech toilet and integrated sink of the Japanese variety	
A man and his little dog outside protesting Petland	elderly man with two dogs near a road holding a sign boycotting puppy mills	A man standing on the side of the road with two small dogs, holding a sign.	A couple of small dogs standing next to a man holding a sign.	A man with a protest sign holding a small dog on a leash.	
Two horses grazing in a field next to forest.	A brown and black horse are grazing in the grass.	Two horses, one black and one brown, graze in a green field.	Two horses are eating grass in a field.	Two horses eating off the ground in a pasture.	
People crossing the street of a busy city street.	This is a cityscape with many screens and light visible. 	A city street is brightly lit with advertisements.	A city filled with electronic billboards on a busy street.	A street view of a city at night.	
A birthday cake that depicts a small mountain with cars driving up it.	A person with a lighter lighting several sticks.	A birthday cake replicates a demolition scene with candles.	A person lightening candles on a monster truck cake. 	A woman lights candles on a birthday cake decorated like a hilly landscape with trees and a pond.	
A car parked by a clock and some flowers.	A clock sits in a planter decorated with flowers.	An outdoor clock clock surrounded by mums in a street median.	A car is parked next to a decorative clock.	A car is parked near a clock that is surrounded by flowers at the bottom of the pole.	
A bowl of soup with broccoli and brown beans.	There is a bowl of broccoli and beans in a bowl	A bowl of soup with potatoes carrots and broccolli and beans.	The meal is prepared and ready to be eaten,	A bowl full of bean and broccoli soup.	
A clean white bathroom with a simple mirror above the vanity.	A bathroom with a white sink and mirror.	Bathroom sink with toothbrushes in a stand and a mirror.	a white bathroom a sink and a brown mirror	A bathroom sink underneath a mirror and tooth brushes.	
A lady eating a slice of deep dish pizza.	a woman eating a piece of pan pizza.	A woman sitting at a table with plate and pan of pizza.	A woman sits at a table with a pan of pasta in front of her, and a slice on her plate	A woman sitting in front of a pot on a table	
Two credit cards cut in half underneath a pair of scissors.	Credit cards have been cut and the perpetrator lays on top of them.	A visa credit card is cut up with scissors.	a close up of a credit card cut into pieces	scissors sitting on top of cut up credit cards	
A toilet that is in a bathroom with the lid up.	A roll of toilet paper sits next to a toilet. 	An out of focus image of a toilet and toilet paper	a toilet sits next to a brick wall 	A blurry photo of a toilet seat in a bathroom.	
Graffiti stains the surface of a green and white sign.	A green and white street sign that reads "traffic calmed neighborhood."	a bunch of signs sits on a brick wall	A sign that reads "traffic calmed neighborhood" posted on some brick.	Road sign reading "Traffic Calmed Neighborhood" on brick wall	
A smiling girl is talking on a phone.	A woman is on the phone on a porch.	a woman talks on a phone in front of a slide out glass	a woman talks on her cell phone next to glass doors	A girl sitting outside talking on her cell phone.	
A large group of animals standing in a large grassy field.	The herd of cattle stand beneath the overcast sky.	A herd of cows in a field on a cloudy day.	A herd of cattle grazing in a field 	Many livestock grazing in a field under a cloudy sky. 	
A group of children playing a game of soccer.	A group of children run after a soccer ball.	Little children on a field playing soccer in a park.	Young boys in team uniforms are playing soccer in a field.	Children playing soccer on a field with parents watching.	
A street filled with advertising signs hanging from the sides buildings.	A row of large business signs in the daytime.	a street with many signs buildings and a cloudy sky	The signs line the streets of Chinatown, each advertising a business.	A crowded city street with numerous Chinese store signs.	
Vehicles on a road near zebras and gazelle.	An animal that is by car in the grass.	Various animals grazing in open area near a vehicle with observers	A blue s.u.v is parked by a field.	Zebras are grazing next to a car in a field.	
this clean bathroom has all white fixtures in it	A white toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a tub.	A white shower curtain, tub, toilet and sink.	A clean bathroom with sink, toilet and shower.	a bathroom with a sink and a toilet in it	
A young lady standing on a  tennis court with a racquet.	A woman that is on a tennis court with a racquet.	A female tennis player on a tennis court leaning forward and holding a racquet low down	a young women playing a game of tennis 	A woman playing tennis on an indoor court.	
A train is traveling down the rail road tracks. 	A train driving down the rail road tracks in a city.	Large public transportation train in different coloration sectionals.	An old train is making its way through the city.	A railroad train rides down the tracks near buildings. 	
A bathroom area with lights, standup shower and trashcan.	A bathroom scene with focus on the shower.	A shower with a hard curtain in a clean bathroom.	A bathroom with a shower and a missing toilet. 	A shower stall in a bathroom but missing the sink	
People that are walking with skateboards in hand. 	Group of people holding various bags walking down a path.	four people walking onto the beach with some bags 	A group of people carrying skateboards to a ramp park.	A group of young people walking into a park, some of them carrying skateboards.	
a person that is spiting something up in a toilet	A man who dunked his face within a toilet on street	a statue of a person drinking toilet water 	A toilet splashes water up at a man's face as he kneels beside it.	A man drinking water from a toilet that has it shooting out of it.	
The small kitchen has a black counter and wooden cabinets.	A small kitchen with black counters and a wide window.	a kitchen with a sink and some cupboards in it 	A kitchen sink is bright and sunny in front of a window.	A nice kitchen is shown with light coming in a window and black countertops.	
A plastic container filled with donuts next to coffee.	Several doughnuts in a dish next to a cup of coffee.	A plate of doughnuts and a cup of coffee	Glazed donuts in a plastic container next to a foam cup of coffee.	Plate of glazed doughnuts sitting next to a cup of coffee. 	
A cat is looking at the camera while lying down on the chair	A cat sits on red chair and looks under a table.	a gray cat with yellow eyes stares at the camera from her perch on a chair under a table	A cat lying on a chair underneath a table 	A cat sitting on top of a wooden chair.	
Two dogs on a truck with frame that reads "cockleburs galore."	two dogs on the back of a truck in a parking lot	Two dogs sitting on the tail gate of a truck.	A pair of dogs sitting on the tailgate of a vehicle by a street.	Two red dogs sitting in the back of a pickup truck.	
A green street sign hanging from a metal pole.	A street sign on the corner of Brad Street	A street sign on a corner with two signs 	An intersection street sign with one sign reading Brad St.	A double street sign atop a pole with a stop sign.	
A family of sheep standing next to each other on a lush green field.	Five sheep resting in the grass near a tree.	A small group of sheep laying next to a guarded tree	Sheep in the middle of a field with lots of green grass.	Five sheep resting in meadow near fence-enclosed tree.	
A woman laughs while thumbing her cell phone.	A woman is using a cell phone near the street.	A woman wearing glasses using a cell phone.	A woman smiles as she looks at her cell phone. 	A young woman smiles while looking at her open flip phone.	
There is a zebra standing alone in the zoo	a giraffe stretching his  neck  over a fence	a giraffe is looking over the fence in its pen	A giraffe standing in a zoo peeping outside the railing.	The giraffe is looking over the wall for some food. 	
This is some pink luggage that is sitting together in a group.	Multicolored vivid pink complete set of luggage with purple straps.	Several bags of colorful luggage on top of a table.	Colorful luggage sits together next to other pieces.	A pile of luggage of pink and purple luggage 	
Grey bird in a wooden basket eating bread.	 A basket of bread with a small bird eating it.	Bread sitting in a basket on a table beside a newspaper. 	A bird is eating bread from a basket on a table.	A bowl of bread and newspaper laid on a table.	
A herd of sheep is on the side of the road and a bus drives through.	A bust on an unpaved rock road  that has stopped because of a herd of sheep	A bus on a gravel road with a herd of sheep on the side of the road.	A herd of sheep are walking up a muddy hill next to a parked minivan.	A bus driving past a large herd of goats.	
A collaboration  of people in different pictures doing things	A series of images of young men painting and holding kites.	Various children and adults are making their own kites.	A variety of colorful pictures with people doing various activities.	A few people working with colored fabrics in different ways.	
A bicycle carriage riding down a crowded street.	A city street filled with traffic and a brinks trucks.	A crowded street scene with cars, a Brinks truck, buses and people standing on sidewalk. 	A busy street with a streetlight and lots of cars.	A group of vehicles that are sitting in the street.	
Two ladies with frisbee at the pitch playing	Two girls standing in front of a metal fence.	two young girls standing in front of chainlink fence with empty city field in background	a woman with a hoodie holding a frisbee and standing next to a fence	Two women pose for a picture against the fence	
This bathroom is so filthy it probably doesn't work anymore	this is a toilet with blue paint on it	a white toilet and sink in a bathroom 	The remains of a washroom lies in a neglected house	An old, dirty restroom is seen in this picture.	
a street light hanging fron one of many wires connected to a power pole	A stop lite hangs from a power line.	A streetlight hanging in the air on a cloudy day.	Roadway intersection signal with power pole and street lamp nearby.	A stoplight that is hanging from a wire.	
Two people are sitting on an outdoor bench at night.	Two people sitting on a reclined bench outside.	some people are laying outside on some wood	Man and woman reclining on wood bench gazing up.	Two people laying on a wooden sculpture outdoors.	
An ornate clock stands amidst a structure of scaffolding.	A large clock surrounded by lots of scaffolding.	An old standing clock surrounded by scaffolding in a building.	A clock in the midst of a lot of medal pipes.	A large clock tower is surround by scaffolding.	
A wooden table topped with a pastry and a cup of coffee.	A table with a glass of water, a croissant on a dish and a coffee cup.	A plate of food and a mug on a table	A pastry, cup of coffee, glass of water and a spoon.	Breakfast entails a croissant, coffee, water and a spoon.	
a cat is laying down on a blue chair	A cat sitting on a chair, that is blue and yellow.	A cat relaxes on a wicker and wood chair with another black cat and other chairs in the background.	2 cats one on a chair in an outdoor cafe. 	A cat sits on the wicker of a blue chair	
a close up of sliced apple with a blurry background	Closeup of slices of a red apple on a cloth.	An apple sliced up on a wooden surface.	peeled apple sliced sitting next to an unsliced half of an apple.	An apple with one half cut into four pieces and the other half lying on top.	
A woman making cigars in a factory with a pink towel on her head. 	A woman wearing a pink hair towel working in a factory.	A man sitting at a desk cutting up a cigar.	A woman sitting with a washcloth on her head and scissors in her hands. 	A woman working with a pair of scissors as she makes cigars.	
Two women in the kitchen with a plate of spaghetti.	Two girls look at a receipt over spaghetti dinner. 	Two ladies in a kitchen on reading a card from the hand of the other holding a plate of spaghetti.	Two women are conversing with each other in a room..	Two women in a kitchen talking by the microwave. 	
A young child riding on the back of a brown horse.	A little boy is riding on a horse and he looks back.	a kid is riding a large horse outside	A young child is riding a brown horse. 	A young child riding a horse looking of their shoulder	
A woman holding a pair of scissors up to her face.	Person with pair of scissors in front of face.	A person in the dark, holding a pair of scissors up to their face.	Woman posed looking through the blades of scissors.	a close up of a person with a pair of scissors 	
The woman is sitting and looking at something on her mobile phone.  	A woman in a white shirt uses her cell phone on a bench. 	A young woman looking down at a cellphone.	A girl checking her phone in a busy restaurant.	A close up of a woman holding a cell phone.	
Kites being flown along the coast line in the morning	People watch multi colored items fly above the beach.	A beach where people are flying kites at sunset.	A crowd  of people flying kites on the beach.	A group of birds flying above the beach.	
A kitchen with a wooden counter next to an oven with a stove.	an image of a kitchen setting with potted plants	A kitchen with green walls and plants on the windowsill	A kitchen with plants sitting in the window	A small kitchen has appliances and houseplants on the window sill.	
A man herding a large flock of sheep down a street.	A person with a staff herding some sheep down a road.	a guy walking down the street with sheep 	A shepherd tends his sheep on a street	A man herding sheep down a busy road.	
A shelf topped with golden clocks behind a plate of glass.	a old looking clock in a room on a table. 	Several ornate clocks are showcased on a shelf behind glass.	A antique clock store with clocks for sale.	Ornate clocks on display behind a glass case	
An airplane on a large field stand on the ground. 	A very big commercial plane on the runway.	A commercial plane that is close to the runway.	The plane is lifting off of the runway. 	An white airplane taking off of a runway.	
some people are on some grass playing frisbee	a group of people on a a grassy field playing a game	Two people on a field playing frisbee with a referee watching.	Athletes colliding on playing field trying to catch flying disc.	the people are playing and  jumping for the frisbee	
A white plate with food next to another plate with food.	Two plates have a meal prepared on each of them.	A counter that has plates of food that were served on it	One plate has an omelet, bagel and hash browns and the other has an omelet.	Bright yellow omelet sitting on a plate with other breakfast items. 	
A young calf stands amidst the grasses on the riverside. 	The calf is brown and is standing in grass. 	A brown cow standing in the midst of green vegetation.	A young light brown cow looking forward on top of the grass.	A cow that is standing in a field.	
An elephant walking behind a large wire cage.	A small elephant digging in the dirt behind a fence	There is a baby elephant being watched by people.	Baby elephant walking in a zoo enclosure 	An elephant walking in the sand inside a fence.	
A giraffe standing next to a log in a fenced in enclosure with people walking on the other side of the fence.	A giraffe stretching its head over a log to eat weeds.	A giraffe eating grasses in a wooded area.	A giraffe in its zoo enclosure bending over to eat	A giraffe grazing in grass next to rocks and trees.	
A grilled sandwich including vegetables is arranged on a long plate.	TWO CHEESE SANDWICHES ARE KEPT ON DIFFERENT PLATES.	Two halves of a panini sit side-by-side on a plate.	There are two grilled sandwiches on a white plate.	A grilled sandwich with avocado sits next to a can of coke.	
a wood bench sitting in a park with three people sitting on it 	a mother and her two children sit on a green bench	A lady with two children sitting on a park bench.	A woman and two young children sit on a bench.	A woman and two children on a wooden bench in an open parkland	
The inside of a kitchen with different appliances	There is an old fashioned blue refrigerator and ice chest in a kitchen.	TEAL BLUE OLD APPLIANCES WITH BOWL OF FRUIT AND TRASH CAN	There are matching old style freezer and fridge	The room has two teal appliances in it.	
A bunch of soccer players in uniform playing soccer.	A group of men playing soccer against each other on a field.	Several uniformed players with a soccer ball in the grass.	A group of people are playing soccer on the field.	People are standing together in a field with a soccer ball.	
Three cows on grass have a white stripe.	Three cows grazing in grass field with fence in the background.	cows grazing in a pasture, looks like a bird on the back of one	A herd of cattle grazing in a fenced field by a road.	There are three horses in the grasses field. 	
a life guard station with a surf boar and a floatee 	Lifesaving devices are stowed along a beach while a lifeguard is elsewhere.	A lifeguard post is empty next to water.	lifeguard station on a beach overlooking a swimming area	A cordoned swimming area with warning sign and lifeguarding equipment.	
Two men walking together in a parking lot with a sleeping bag, a pillow, a comforter and suitcases.	A bunch of people carrying things in a lot.	Your own bed pillow can make your trip more comfortable.	Several people carrying sleeping bags and pillows walk through a parking lot.	People carrying bags and walking through a parking lot.	
The teddy bear is sitting next to the buddha statue,	a stuffed panda bear with a back pack 	A stuffed panda bear is sitting on a bench near a Buddha statue. 	a panda stuffed toy next to a statue	A stuffed panda bear sitting next to a buddha statue.	
A cat sits on the edge of a bathroom sink.	A grey tabby cat sitting on the sink in a bathroom	A cat sitting up on a counter in a room.	A cat is sitting perched on the corner of a bathroom sink.	A grey and black cat sitting next to sink in a bathroom.	
The two beds have a night stand between them with a phone on it. 	There are two beds in a room side by side.	Pair of twin beds in nice resort looking room.	Two beds that have blankets and pillows on them.	Two beds sitting next to each other in a room.	
A four engine jet transport airplane flying low.	A large airplane flying over a grassy field with trees.	jumbo jet comes in for a landing over some trees	An airplane taking off over a field next to a forest. 	A jumbo jet plane in flight with a city in the background.	
A man wearing a blue shirt and a pair of glasses.	A guy is wearing a suit and tie posing for the camera.	A man in a blue stripped dress shirt and a black and gold tie smiling. 	A man with a blue shirt and tie is smiling.	a close up of a person wearing a suit and tie 	
A water foul near the shore in a body of water with an island in the middle of it.	Scoping out the stony shore for fish and edible critters.	A white crane walking along a shoreline on a sunny day.	A white egret standing on the edge of the water.	A crane stands on the edge of a rocky shore. 	
A person is moving green hay towards an elephant that is inside the back of a white truck.	A man pulls an elephant out of a truck.	An elephant in the back of a truck trailer.	An elephant is being fed while in a truck.	There is an elephant in side a truck trying to come out	
Laptop lifted up on a desk next to another monitor.	WOMAN SITTING A DESK IN A ROOM WITH LOTS OF ELECTRONICS	A woman sitting at a desk in a room with a laptop, monitor, and microphone.	A woman is working at a desk with extra arms and legs.	A very nice wooden desk with computer equipment on it.	
A woman holding a child on a skateboard.	An older woman standing next to a small boy.	A woman holds a young girl who stands on a skateboard inside a house.	A man holding a girl while she rides a skateboard.	a woman and a little girl with an orange shirt standing on a skateboard	
a person sitting at a desk with a keyboard and monitor 	a woman at her desk sits intently and happy	A woman sitting at a desk in her work station	The woman is working on her computer at the desk.	a woman is sitting in front of a desk	
A group of skateboarders riding their skateboards on a sidewalk.	A group of boys riding skateboards with backpacks on.	Several people on skateboards riding them on cement.	A group of skateboarders atop a concrete surface.	A bunch of guys on their skateboard with their helmets on.	
A little boy using an open laptop computer.	A baby boy in a white shirt clicking keys on a laptop.	a young child sitting on the floor with a laptop	A toddler looking very intently at what is on his laptop screen.	The baby boy is transfixed by the images on the home  laptop computer.	
Two men are crouched down, working on a motorcycle	A motorcycle up on two stands being worked on by two men.	A guy is outdoors working on a motorcycle. 	two men working on a motor cycle frame	A man in a shop working on  a motorcycle	
A fire hose sitting on top of a man hole cover near a yellow post.	Water coming out of fire hydrant pooling on top of a manhole cover.	A couple of yellow poles near a hoes and sewer. 	the yellow hose was on the ground as the water poured onto the street.	Water is slowly flowing from a fire hydrant.	
A man tossing a frisbee under his leg.	A man doing a trick with a frisbee 	A man prepares to catch a flying disc under his leg.	a man with his leg in the air catching a frisbee	A person throws a frisbee under their leg.	
A very dingy and grime bathroom that's in someone's house. 	An old bathroom with rotting walls and peeling paint	There is a scary bathroom with no shower curtain. 	A bathroom that has a sink and  a tub.	A picture of a very dirty small bathroom.	
A very tall building has a clock on the front of it.	A bird flying near a clock tower in a city.	A large church steeple with a clock on it	A very tall clock tower next to other tall buildings.	A large tall brick tower has a clock on top.	
A white plate topped with veggies and chicken.	Some cooked nourishment that light up the day.	A plate with a broccoli and meat stir fry on it.	a plate with some vegetables and onions on it 	This is a plate of food with broccoli 	
Two brown bears playing in a field together.	Two small bears tussling in the grass on a sunny day. 	Two bear cubs wrestling in the grass by rocks	two young bears are play fighting in the open	A couple of bear cubs rolling around a field.	
Two people sitting and two people walking through what looks to be an airport	Two people sitting outside waiting on a ride.	A man is sitting down with his belongings in a train station	people waiting at an airport next to their luggage.	A black and white photo of a man sitting against the wall.	
The bright computer monitor is sitting on the corner desk.	a desk with a desktop computer and electronics on top of it. 	The computer desk has many office electronics on it.	Papers and boxes with a computer on a corner desk	A computer desk with clutter of surrounding the monitor.	
A cross country skier traveling past many evergreen trees.	A man who is walking in the snow on skis.	A cross country skier is skiing in the forest.	a person in blue is standing in the snow	A man riding skis on top of  snow.	
A very cute cat laying on a rug.	The black and brown cat is scratching it's ear.	A cat sitting on a rug scratching its ear	A cat holding a fake carrot while scratching on a rug.	a cat scratching his ear while holding a carrot	
A boy swings the bat, just hitting the ball, as the catcher and umpire are in the background in this city league baseball game. 	a young baseball player swinging a baseball bat	A young child hitting a baseball with a bat.	Little league baseball players with batter striking the ball.	The children play baseball together nicely in the sun	
A parking meter sitting in the snow next to a parked car.	A parking meter at a street side with snow around it.	A car is parked on a street next to a parking meter. 	a parking meter on the side of a road	A parking machine that is next to a car.	
A young woman is lying on a bathroom floor with her legs on the bathtub. 	A woman in underwear and boots on the floor of a bathroom	Woman laying down across her personal bathroom with her feet hanging over the tub.	A young woman that is barely wearing anything is lieing on the floor.	woman in bra and cowboy boots lays on the floor of a bathroom	
An orange train engine moves down the track with one train car behind it.	An orange train is on a track near a stop sign.	Small train like structure riding down a train way.	Train engine pulling one freight car along rails	A small train that is traveling down railroad tracks.	
A person is trying to hit a ball with a tennis racket.	A man rared back at a tennis ball with a racquet.	A tennis player looks up at the ball and readies himself to hit it. 	A man standing on a tennis court holding a racquet.	A man tossing a tennis ball and swinging a tennis racket at it.	
A woman is cutting a sheet with scissors.	A person standing over a table cutting with scissors.	In a workroom with bare plywood cabinets, a woman uses a scissor on a white cloth.	A woman standing at a table cutting white fabric with scissors.	A woman cutting a piece of fabric with some scissors.	
a man stands on a chair looking at a computer 	A man is standing on a chair using his laptop that is on top of a scaffolding.	Man standing on a chair looking at a computer.	A man stands atop a chair and peers at a laptop on a scaffold.	a person standing on a chair using a computer	
A man holding a tennis racquet on a tennis court.	A man taking a swing at a tennis ball	an image of a man holding a tennis racket	A man playing tennis on a fenced in hard surface tennis court.	a man playing tennis, running to hit a ball	
Two men playing Frisbee in a grassy area.	A man in a blue shirt holding a white frisbee.	A blurry photo of a man catching a frisbee	A person jumping in the air, catching a Frisbee and another person chasing him.	A man who is jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee. 	
A busy road with people on bikes and in vehicles is shown.	a person on a bicycle a bus a truck and a child	The man is riding his bike down the busy city street. 	A person on bicycle next to a black truck and child on sidewalk.	A kid is standing at the bus stop beside a busy street	
this is a group of people standing near a river	a group of people with bikes posing for a photo 	Seven people on a biking trip in front of a large city.	group of bikers posing for a picture 	A bunch of people posing with some bikes.	
A tall sign sitting next to a traffic light at night.	A picture of a city at night with no people a traffic light and assorted fences and poles.	A street area with traffic lights and barriers at night.	outside an arena with several barriers and directional signs.	Traffic light on "red" surrounded by barricade gates.	
two men playing frisbee while on a camping trip	Two men playing frisbee in a sandy area in front of pitched tents.	Two men jumping for a Frisbee in the sand.	people compete over Frisbee in the sand in competition 	there are two men that are playing frisbee at the beach	
there are a few kids on snowboards on the snow	A couple of kids on snowboards standing in the snow.	Young children learning to snowboard together in the snow	A group of young kids in the woods with snow skiing	Two kids snowboarding while wearing colorful winter gear.	
Two people on a blue and green tennis court.	Man in yellow top getting ready to play tennis.	A young man in a yellow shirt preparing to serve in an tennis match.	A tennis player grabs an extra ball from his pocket.	Two tennis players on the court and waiting to play.	
An man taking a picture of a sink through a mirror.	A bathroom sink with a mirror and modern towel holder.	A bathroom with a sink, counter top, and mirror is shown.	a white bathroom with a black counter a mirror and a sink	A man in a black jacket taking a picture of a sink area.	
A white plate of food on a table.	A plate of potatoes and a hot dog in a biscuit on a table.	A white plate with a hot dog in a biscuit next to fried potatoes.	a plate with two dishes sitting on top of it	A very tasty looking hot dog and some cooked potatoes.	
A small child is holding onto lawn decorations.	A child with various yard decorations some of which look like fish.	Young child playing with several lawn type ornaments.	A baby is holding some poles in the middle of a grass field. 	A small child playing with some toys in a field.	
Hotdogs in baskets with variety of toppings surrounding french fries in baskets on a table.	A table full of hit dogs and french fries that are ready to be eaten.	Hotdogs and french fries in paper containers sitting on a table.	Hotdogs with different topping and french fries 	This is a collection of different kinds of hot dogs and french fries.	
A washroom is adorned in soothing beach vibe decor.	A mirror with two bathroom sinks on either side of a window.	A very large bathroom with two matching sinks	A bathroom has two sinks and hanging lamps.	A bathroom with two sinks, two mirrors, two lights, a mirror and drawers attached to each sink. 	
A city street is crowded with people and no cars.	a crowd of people at an outdoor shopping center in asia	People walking through what appears to be a mall with many stores.	A busy city street in an oriental town with many men and women walking.	A general public walking and shopping at a local shopping district.	
Two beds with decorative wooden headboard and foot board, one is a double and one is a single	Two differently sized hotel beds in a room with an open curtain.	Two beds in a bedroom covered with blankets next to a window.	A pair of twin beds in a cozy cottage house.	Two beds in a room with orange walls and lovely curtains.	
Two brown cows walk though thick forest greenery.	A couple of cows walking in tall grass and trees.	a couple of cows walk through some vegetation  	Two cattle in a tall grass and bush area with trees and other brush behind it.	two cows in a field of tall plant life near a tree	
Baseball players about to deliver hit to ball with many spectators.	A big baseball diamond where a player is about to hit the ball	a baseball game takes place as some people watch 	A man that is standing in the dirt with a bat.	A batter readies to swing at first plate	
a man windsurfing and another man hanging onto a parachute	a wind surfer and a kite surfer surfing and some trees and a hill	A person windsurfing on water with trees in background.	People playing on the water in a lake	Person paragliding and wakeboarding on ocean with tree slope	
People stand around an antique motorcycle in a grassy area.	An old with motorcycle with people standing beside it.	 A motorcycle parked in front of a crowd of people.	People standing around a home built motorcycle used for racing.	a group of people gathered around an old dirty vintage motorcycle	
A man on a skateboard who is performing a trick. 	A man flying through the air while riding a skateboard.	A skateboarder performing a trick on a stairwell.	The boy is skateboarding down the long  steps	a man is flying over some steps on a skateboard	
A skateboard that has its wheels on the floor.	A lower shot of someone riding their skateboard. 	The foot of a person on a skateboard is prominent in this photo.	A red skateboard with blue wheels on the floor with someones foot on it. 	a person that is standing on a skateboard	
A white and gray dog sits on a bed near a pile of rumpled sheets.	A gray and white dog sitting on a white mattress.	A terrier sits on a messy bed in front of the window.	A dog is sitting on a white sheeted bed while blankets lay frumpled alongside.	A dog that is sitting on top of a bed.	
A clock sits at the top of the ceiling	An ornate metal balcony with a banner hanging.	a clock on a wall with paintings on a ceiling	The clock has many designs and sculptures carved around it. 	A clock and other items near the ceiling in a room	
Group of men standing around a kitchen eating small sides. 	Five people stand around a kitchen filled with covered food.	a group of people stands around a table of food	Two men eat party favors as they socialize	Men are in a kitchen eating and drinking or getting ready to eat.	
a woman in an equestrian outfit riding a white horse 	A woman in a red jacket sits astride a white horse.	A woman riding a horse while wearing a uniform	A girl that is sitting on a white horse.	a woman in red is riding a horse	
Many people flying kites at the mall in Washington DC	A big kite fly in event at a national landmark. 	Several people flying kits with Washington monument and cloudy sky	hundreds of people in a bright field near an obelisk	A bunch of people flying their kites in a field 	
Two dogs are sitting a neatly made colorful bed. 	two dogs on a bed in a bed room near a window	Two dogs lay on a bed in a brightly colored bedroom. 	Two dogs laying on a bed with a teddy bear. 	Two dogs lounge on a bed in a colorful room.	
Bathroom with sink, shower, towels, curtain, and more with window	A picture of a bathroom with a fern plant near the sink and a photo of a city above the toilet. 	the mirror, sink and bathtub area of a white bathroom	Well decorated bathroom in a small yellow tinted area.	A bathroom with a sink, towel rack and shower stall.	
Adult and juvenile giraffes standing and lying on a dirt clearing.	AOne giraffe standing over other giraffes laying down	A herd of giraffe standing next to each other on a dirt field.	A group of giraffe hanging out in an open area.	A group of giraffes huddle together in the middle of a dirt ground. 	
A brown dog on a leash laying on a floor.	A dog is scratching his ear on a busy sidewalk.	A dog on the street with bicycle and people walking in the background.	A dog holds its back paw up while being tied up on a city street.	a dog sitting on a city side walk scratching itself	
A cartoon dog is painted on the side of the passenger bus.	A bus that is sitting in the street.	A decorated, Japanese bus drives down the road.	A Japanese community bus with a cartoon dog on the side	a city bus with some art on the side of the bus 	
A group of people walking on a beach next to the ocean.	People walking toward the ocean with their surfboards.	Four people walking with surfboards on a shoreline.	Four surfers walking out into the water at dusk.	The surfers are carrying their boards into the surf.	
A zebra and an ostrich standing in a large grassland.	Ostrich and zebra grazing in open field together	A zebra standing next to an ostrich on a lush green field.	A zebra and an ostrich up close with other animals in the background.	Ostrich, zebra, and other grazers in a wide-open rough field.	
A group of people sitting around out doors sharing a meal together.	PICNIC GATHERING AT THE PARK, IN THE RAIN,SOME HOLDING UMBRELLAS	An area with blankets and food containers laid out with people holding umbrellas sitting on the ground.	A person taking a photo of a couple under an umbrella	People in the park having a picnic with opened umbrellas	
A dog sniffing a bicycle U-lock attached to a blue bike	a dog that is standing next to a bike	A young dog chained to a pole next to a bike.	A dog tied to a pole stands near a bike.	a close up of a dog tethered to a pole 	
An orange cat sitting in front of a door to a house.	A small black cat sits outside on an open window sill.	An orange cat sits on a stoop in front of a door.	An orange tabby cat lies down outside a door on a house porch.	A fat orange cat sitting on a deck	
A man in hipster clothes straddling a bicycle on the sidewalk.	A man with a hat standing with his bicycle.	Man stands up on his bike and looks up next to a parked car. 	a man is posing for a photo holding his bike in hand.	A man standing on a bicycle with a smile.	
a man wearing a wet suit riding the wave	A person riding a wave on top of a surfboard.	A surfer rides a small wave in the ocean.	a man riding a wave on a blue ocean	A young man ridding a small wave on a surfboard.	
A boy on a surfboard in the ocean 	A boy in a wet suit riding a surfboard in the ocean.	A little boy wearing a black wet suit surfing in the ocean.	A young boy in a wetsuit surfing in the ocean	a person surfing on a surf board in the ocean	
A closeup of a broccoli floret in bloom	A small broccoli plant grows in a garden.	A leafy green vegetable with sprouts in the middle.	A broccoli sprout with leaves around it on the ground.	A large piece of broccoli sitting inside of a leafy plant.	
A girl in torn pants is on her phone while a man in a white t-shirt sits next to her.	A man and woman with cellphones in their hands.	The woman is sitting next to the guy but still on her cell phone. 	A male and a female sitting together, the female is texting on her phone.	The guy is looking at the camera while the girl is looking at her phone.	
A large passenger jet sitting on top of a runway.	There are many people climbing the stairs into the airplane.	The people are getting off of the plane.	A line of people line up stairs toward an airplane.	People line up with their luggage to board the small jet.	
A skateboarder doing a trick with skyscrapers in the background.	A skateboarder doing a trick on the side of concrete steps.	A person riding his skateboard on cement steps.	A skateboarder grinding a curb next to a stairway.	three buildings in the background and a skateboarder doing a trick	
A group of people on motorbikes ride on the road.	A line of people ride on motorcycles over a road. 	A group of motorcyclists lined up along the curb	People watch a motorcade consisting of cars and motorcycles.	A group of motorcycles on a street next to grassy area.	
A group of twenty-five squares of different photos of carrots.	A group of 20 small photos in a collage together, with each photo containing a carrot in it.	Many pictures of different turnips and turnip like foods	There are 25 pictures of carrots varying in size,  shape and color.	Various pictures of carrots grown and cooked in various ways.	
A bench that is sitting on a cobblestone sidewalk.	Blurred picture of bench sitting next to street of parked cars	A bench on a pavement with cars parked on the road	A slat park bench on a stone brick sidewalk by a narrow empty street next to a parking lot with cars at night with illuminate street lamps.	A wooden bench sitting on the side of a road.	
A cat is laying on a hardwood floor.	A cat looks at the camera while laying on a wooden floor.	a cat that is laying down some wood	a small cat is laying on a wood area	Cat looking aroused at camera while lying on floor.	
A couple of people riding on the backs of horses.	Group of adults riding horses on open range land.	A group of people riding horse back through a field. 	A group of people go horseback riding on a large plain.	People are riding horses through the grassy plain.	
A scene of a waterway with several boats.	Several people on a gondola on a river passing under a small bridge.	A group of people are riding down a river on a boat.	A gondola type boat going down a canal. 	Many people partaking of a river gondola ride.	
A pizza in a pan on top of a stove top oven.	A pizza in a rectangle pan with cheese, mushrooms and green leaves.	A pizza with cheese and spinach in a baking pan.	A cheesy dish in a baking pan with mushrooms and basil on top.	Fresh basil leaves give added flavor to any pizza.	
Two cats looking at a dog through an open fence.	Two kittens look through a fence at a dog.	an image of a dog and two cats looking thru a gate	Two cats near a dog but separated by something.	Two cats looking out of a window at a dog.	
A table topped with a pile of vegetables and a book.	Vegetables are laid out on the paper with a book	A farm share is laid out neatly, to show its contents.	Fresh produce has been harvested to take to market.	Many different vegetables are arranged next to each other. 	
A remote control, book and phone sitting on  a bed	A phone and remote that are sitting on a bed.	A cell phone and game case on a bed.	a book a camera lens a cellphone on a white counter top	A remote control, a book, a cellphone and a camera lens attachment on top of a white bed sheet.	
A bus that is sitting in the street.	The extra long passenger bus is entering the intersection.	City bus going through a busy city intersection.	The city bus is driving through the intersection traffic. 	A bus on the street with a lot of cars.	
three vases with flowers inside on a table	Three different vases containing several red tulip blooms.	A beautiful picture of a table full of flower vases. 	Three vases with different designs holding red flowers.	Various pottery vases filled with fresh, red tulips	
People carrying surfboards walking across a beach next to the ocean.	Two surfers on the beach in front of the ocean with a large glare of haze on one of them.	A picture of a surfer heading toward the ocean with his board.	Two men walking along beach at sunset, one with surfboard on head and the other carrying surfboard under arm. 	People are standing on the beach while holding surfboards.	
a steaming pot cooking many types of vegetables.	Vegetable soup boils in pit while being mixed.	A pot of vegetables is cooking on a stove.	A broccoli stew being cooked in a large black pot. 	A plan of cooking vegetables and a knife with broth.	
A room that has a small television next to a red chair.	An orange room with a bookcase, chairs, and a TV.	A living room with orange colored walls, and a purple chair.	Living area with chairs and bookshelves with orange walls.	A chair and a television in a room.	
A toothbrush in a cup sitting next to a sink.	A toothbrush is sitting in a colorful cup.	Fancy colored toothbrush sitting in decorative mug, in a bathroom.	A bathroom sink with two toothbrush holders on it. 	A toothbrush is sitting inside a cup next to a sink.	
An exotic horse kicks up its hind legs at another horse.	A man in a pen with horses with one that looks part zebra 	a horse kicking another horse in the neck	A zebra kicks a horse in the neck with its hind legs.	A horse kicks another horse as a man looks on. 	
A white sink in a bathroom under a mirror.	A bathroom has decorative tile on the floor and is clean.	An inside view of a bathroom with colorful tiling.	A bathroom with a glass shower door, a sink and a mirror. 	a bath room with a sink a mirror and a shower	
A small child touches the trunk of an elephant standing behind an enclosure.	a small child neat to an elephant 	child placing food in an elephants trunk in enclousure	A kid is touching an elephant's trunk near a fence.	A young child who is touching the trunk of an elephant.	
A white cake topped with coconut on a counter.	an image of cake on top of a counter	A homemade cake is displayed on a shiny tray. 	A cake on a counter with a mixer behind it.	a counter with a mixer and a cake on a tray.	
A beautiful tower building with a big clock on it.	A clock is posted on the front of a building.	Clock on the side of a stately church.	A large charge with a clock in the middle of the building.	There is a very large castle like building with a clock in the middle	
A transit bus making a turn into a garage of some sort.	A bus turns into a lane with do not enter sign.	A white bus is parked at the sidewalk.	A bus is parked in a parking space.	A bus driving into parking garage, with a do not enter sign in front of it.	
A group of birds all grooming themselves in shallow water.	Seagulls are all standing around in water during the day.	A bunch of birds that are standing in water.	Small flock of birds standing in shallow water.	several seagulls in the water picking at themselves 	
